===== part_000.mp3 =====
Let's start. So, my name is Lyudmila. I will work with you like all these three months. I will be like your curator, like maybe mentor, the person who will check your progress and if you will need advice, I will give it to you. Most of communication with me will be in English, just because it's very important for me that your English skills are in advanced level. But internally in the teams, you can have it as you want. Today, you will have a lot of information. It's fine if you will not remember everything, but I highly recommend to make some records, like there are a lot of AI tools. That should be my board, but I'm not sure why it's not here. So, I'm waiting for... Permission from my team. Okay. Let me try again to invite him. Sorry, one minute. Okay. Well, I'm waiting for...Okay. Sorry, one minute. I see there somebody from sausage and beet. Tunler. Does it account? I don't understand that. Yeah. Okay, so please somebody make a record for future so be helpful. So what we will have during the three months, we will have two teams, I see you already, I hope you already added to the Slack and you already see in which team you are. If you're not yet in the team, don't worry, like today during the day, maybe tomorrow morning somebody from my side will like add you to needed one. Both teams will have the same project, I today will give a brief explanation what is it and actually next two weeks it's not about the programming, it's about understanding what is it and what should you do. So next week it will be fully preparation week. You will have two teams because I expect this competitor. Like somebody will be better, somebody will be not as good. So you will understand that, okay, you can do better or you still need to be the best because like other team are very close to you. Okay. What else? One minute. Okay. We will have a demo calls each two weeks. This is mandatory. The rest of the calls that you will have internally are baseless. I highly recommend today or tomorrow have an internal call together inside the team just to meet each other, like understand who are who, which roles you are. On the internship we have developers, PM, and designers. As long as I know and maybe K will be later, but for now, let's expect that there will be no K. We will emulate like real scenarios, so this will be fully how we work inside. And it's in my interest. Okay. It's in my interest. Because when you will go to the work, you need to, like, nothing should be unexpected for you. At least from organization point of view. Okay. What else? What skills are you looking for? First is teamwork, because I understand that everybody by his own, but if you will not work as a team. not work like your team will be failed like if you will work alone like everybody failed it's just based on my practice dynamic in improvement uh english code quality and proactivity uh yeah i think code quality together with like now ai hgpt copilot and all the stuff shouldn't be an issue but at least it should show the positive dynamic english is kind of basic so you need to understand at least what i'm saying and proactivity it's more about i will talk about it during the internship but mostly it's about that you are looking for solution and then came to me not looking for advice right away so it's so here you are will be like i will not navigate you so you will do own mistake you will try to understand why you've done this mistake you will try to do better next time and try to analyze okay what i can do next time better and if something's super critical then i like jump in and try to to help you to solve it uh okay calls okay generally from general that's all please let me know if you have any questions if you don't i will jump into the project if you have i am happy to to answer no question perfect actually the project will be i think quite could be a little bit uh difficult uh sorry one minute let me try again to connect my chatbot because i want to share my screen and it will be good no no okay can you do a little bit different i will now uh i create new link because my chatbot go only to my invites so i will create new link and i will send you here in the chat and you will just reconnect to your new conference so i don't think this will be a big issue um okay okay i just in the chat send the link please reconnect there and we will continue there okay my paper is here so should be fine even two not taker okay two is better than zero uh good hope everybody reconnected um i'm sharing my screen and i will try briefly explain what is that also after the call okay sharing sharing let me close because i think i freeze okay finishing so what we will do our company mostly work with healthcare projects and what healthcare projects mean and what is the difference with any other projects that you will have in your life it's mostly regulation there are a lot of regulations which is around like when you work with it a lot they are not sounds like difficult it's look like even obvious uh but i know that in the first thought it could be a little bit strange so what we will do in the like during next three months from the project point of view we will create okay now let's talk about a little bit before that other um yeah okay what we'll create we will create the system which we will take some database like for example medicaid delta data of the patient for example like name address like diagnosis medication so i think nobody from us wants that this information would be public yeah so when we go to the doctor it should be private uh but uh ai should have data for training and it's very good to train ai with the data which uh like we need no not like that before trains ai we need to prepare data and make it like i would say anonymize so this is what this project will do so uh yeah there is some landing pages beautiful but it's not what is the main point okay i think this is the main feature which we have so we will uh select which compliance we have like for now it's for you just we have the left side and the right side for the in-hub course and then we can create the pattern you can see client you can see communication and then we have the uh the user's sustaining population and then we have the the security system which is the customer we have thetatis and it's uh it's the property that you have because that's what the code means but it just means hipper is for us gdpr is europe custom it's custom and ccpa actually i don't know what is this it's some some other country i assume or maybe it's also europe anyway so there is a few So, here is sensitive like patient ID, social security, I don't know, like name. It's sensitive one. And gives all this like highlight all these items here as sensitive. Then user can check, okay, which data of this he want anonymize and which not. By anonymize, I mean just a change to fake one. We select to unselected and after that we generate like this kind of output. So we just replace sensitive data with actually with some mock data. I'm not sure. Yeah, I think it's with some mock data. Ah, yeah. So generate kind of template. So where should be like, where should mock data be? We set it and this template we also insert in the system and get mock data. So get not real data, let's say like that. So all this, so idea is that we can get real patient data, replace the names, like I don't know, emails, edges, and like diagnosis, I don't know how many times he go to the doctor. All the stuff are still valid. But...

===== part_001.mp3 =====
information which is connected to a specific user and is sensitive is not shown to anyone. And when we get this data, when we will replace finally this output with fake data, we can use the data, again, for example, for training AI. We will show some extra charts and dashboards, like login system, I think login system is not showed here but don't worry, you have designer, you have PM, and you have five developers. So you will figure out how the rest of the applications work. So what I will send? I will send you the sigma. Also, here is very big description about rules validation. Also, I will send you three videos that was... prepared for you to check and more deep understand all this stuff um and your task for next week will be to check all of this and try to make some general plan actually for me it's more important that you prepare the questions because in one week what is in one week we will have in one week like around 30 we will have we need to start development so during next week you need to prepare as much as needed for you to like i don't know questions for me i don't know backlog what do you need like rest of the stuff to be sure that on 30s you start actual development this is will be your like your task for next week um i suggest to have a call next week somewhere in wednesday i think wednesday it's not too uh um okay wednesday okay wednesday i could make it available for you on wednesday we can communicate in in slack uh what time is better uh so you like so you'll have something called in case something needed from me um if anything else we will communicate in slack uh most of the communication will be in your team chat sorry where is it so most communication in the team chat if something general i put it here if you need some communication between the team you also can use here please do not write me a private message because i usually don't read them i won't because it's also like kind of role we never talk with a customer in the private messages and even with team member we try to do it in the general chats because if there are any conflicts or some unpredictable situation it's much more easy to see the history in the chat than in private conversation ask for skin short and all the stuff so i can't ask anything that you want to discuss do it here if you want something like out of slack you think that it's not comfortable you like telegram whatsapp or whatever you can do it but this is our official channel of communication okay uh about the project do you have any questions have any question now i'm not dive deep into details it's just will be too heavy for you i assume it's yes sorry what is it card and text tag for the project uh yeah this is what next steps we will discuss about the project generally uh like about figma videos how we'll do it no okay let's go then to text tag one minute um i think this one uh huh okay okay so what we will use okay i just play that okay i remember okay so what we will use we will use react so actually everything that you use for a test task it will be the same so really everything we will do is that we will have integration um and you have which php requests we will also have you need to go into or you can also see analysts that work with dm there because they're alternate or every single so in the github development you can go into and see what are the personal choice meets at comoke whatever you do your file number i forgot to mention about management of engagement um so they can also use the password okay it's important for everyone on the se theories so we'll do the same one and ask if you have unique questions which we don't know and they're �跑an React, Redux Toolkit, Material UI, it's not mandatory, or Style Component, so you can use any library that you want, but it's important that you discuss it with the team, because if everybody knows how to use Style Component and you decide to go with Material UI, which is not very comfortable to work with Style Component, maybe it will be not the best decision. But general requirements, it's React, Redux Toolkit, it's mandatory. For backend, we will use Nest, we will use TYPO-RM, and our database will be MySQL. That's because it's a little bit easier to set up than Postgres. What else? I will send this document... Oh, it will actually let me do it right away, I think it should have public access. What else? One minute. Aha, Git. Let's... Few... Few... Few... Few... Few... Few... Sentences about Git, because it's very common mistake, since I thought that it's not... Like with AI it becomes everything easy, but no. So how you will work. Now I will need... So when you will, like, meet your team, understand who is who, I need that each team provide me one frontend. I'm gonna... front-end and one backend developer from each team. It doesn't mean that you will be front-end always. So, front-end. It doesn't mean that you will front-end only or backend only. I just need somebody for setup template. So I will send you the rules, how to setup template general, because it will not be possible that multiple people doing it. So I just need that again. Each team provide me a person name who will do front-end and person name who will do backend template setup. What this person will do? He will create, like he will do all the work in the master branch. And when I will say that all fine, like you will send it to my review. I will say all fine or not fine, but anyway, in some point it should be fine. Then you create a developer branch. And after that, all the working is developer branch is like your main branch. You forget about master forever. Like never not push directly, not push through the developer branch, not push through your other branch. So never like master is close until we have release. Release for us is like at the end of the project when you will say that it's ready. So from developer branch, you'll create your branch. For example, feature out or I don't have a recommendation about name. It just nice when they are look more or less same, but it's really doesn't matter. It's more of matter that each time from develop, you make a branch and work on this branch. What also important. So, so we have remote project, which on GitHub, you have local projects. So you create a branch locally, then you push remote branch the remote project so it's become available in GitHub because we will use GitHub and after that you create a pull request so you never push directly a branch to the develop branch if you don't know what is PR or pull request just read it it's not something like difficult it's two buttons in the GitHub repository uh yeah I think that's that's what I want to highlight because it's like each time like each time there is somebody who pushed to develop without PR so don't be that person just not good okay uh one minute what also I want um okay let's see what is it okay ah it's actually instruction it's old one but yeah it's hard to to use PR but I think you can find it by your own uh-huh okay also I want to highlight a few items let me send this also as a common mistake which you will do everybody do it's this file one minute I also send you the link to it uh does it know how to make a link this one so what this file is about is about what is PR and what I expect from you from PR this is actually always will be your biggest issue or and the most critical it will be in the first first two uh two weeks so all this rules so if you use some AI connected to uvs code or whatever you use then you can just give it to to it and you will have a nice code if no you just need to check that all these rules are followed they are very simple like try cache if it's a sync operation no magic number magic number if you will put somewhere there like eight what is eight why eight so we don't have like eight of 52 what is 52 so you always need to have a constant so if you don't have like eight of 52 what is 52 so you always need to have a constant you always need to have a constant like okay you can read it so no console log like uh a lot of you actually have n file in git repo it's like prohibited like never never it's so unsecure so you always should have an example I will send these rules for for those who will set up template but this is really important because it's very difficult to delete anything from git history okay so anyway they are quite straightforward if you will read them carefully it's not too many of them like five here nine here 15 here okay so it's not many but what I want to pay attention is here we have PR rules which a lot of of you didn't pay attention for it and here we have PR rules is what I expect from you in the PR description request I hope I can do actually it here because um actually here is only one branch cool I can do it here um okay okay here I don't have permission okay so then when you will do it you'll see so when you will do pull request you will have here like somewhere here like a description box and on that description box I expect that like if it's front end changes I expect that you are attached to the screenshot so if the end UI changes like because on front end usually what you are doing you're working on the screens if you're working on the screen that you have something to show so this screenshot should be attached to the PR and if you're doing backend and these backend changes include database changes so I expect that you connect database schema here it's one of the example where you can do this database schema but most of the most of the clients like dbiver php myadmin or like actually i'm not sure about pagadmin but anyway most of these ui tools they have something like create a schema and they will create the schema for you without any extra work so just read about it it shouldn't be difficult but it's important that you connect screenshot to the database because it's very often the blocker that i return you appear and i said no i don't approve the pair because you didn't follow the rules and then you you will see you will like it means that you will become a blocker for your team because your pair will not be will not be measured uh they should include template of the checklist yeah and this one also like everybody forget so in this document just please click this stuff there are really not a lot of rules just spend i don't know half an hour read them remember where to look for what and that's all um yeah first first week will be a lot of confusion but but it's just part of the process okay good let me check the question look like and whether any architecture decision already in place would be aware of no architectural decisions except template so the people who will be set up template

===== part_002.mp3 =====
give them some basic rules that depend on you. I want you to make your own mistake and then if it will not work, you will see that it did not work. If it's something critical, I will highlight it. But I will highlight it after you are done. Because in other cases, you will not understand why your solution is not working. Okay. I think that's all from my side. Oh, even half an hour. Okay. That's quite good speed. Do you have any questions for me now? Now you can ask about technical one. Like everything. Like technical, non-technical, and maybe some admin process. Because I think I cover everything that I plan. I'm going developmentals. No. No preference. The only thing that we'll have is GitHub. And we will have what? And this all actually in template based on you. The only thing that also will be doing the top template is that pay attention that you, yes, lean configure right. Because it's very often a big issue. Somebody configured, yes, lean. Somebody no. And then there are a lot of like I would say design. mistakes yeah which does not connect it to logic but you spend time to fix them okay okay good i know that most of the information i provided you didn't understand so again please make a call inside your team think about some plan like i will send you now all the information about the project that i have think about the plan think about what what you can do like how you split this responsibility especially now when like ui in investigation phase and try to do the best to prepare some question for the wednesday yeah again give me please two people from each team who will set up template and i need i need time for wednesday but i afraid to ask you so maybe it's better for me to just say it for you uh now it's five in kiev at six does five kiev time work for most okay uh you can answer me in like you can like sit together think about it and if 5 p.m work for most then i will then like i'll make it right one yeah and i even watch the six but okay still have some mistake uh okay 5 p.m wednesday please put some um like how to emoji yes something that i understand that you are okay or not okay so in this case we will just make this working uh i posted in the slack uh yeah okay um yeah then from my side that's all i will go to shop and if someone's in this case i'm post you information about the project and on wednesday i will set up the call from your site like organize please yourself and think about like how what should you do to start development in in monday 30. good super thank you very much for your attention uh i hope i will get you closer during this three months i'm not hoping about it i will know a lot of new stuff from you and yeah see you in wednesday thank you everybody yeah bye