Let's start. So, my name is Lyudmila. I will work with you like all these three months. I will be like your curator, like maybe mentor, the person who will check your progress and if you will need advice, I will give it to you. Most of communication with me will be in English, just because it's very important for me that your English skills are in advanced level. But internally in the teams, you can have it as you want. Today, you will have a lot of information. It's fine if you will not remember everything, but I highly recommend to make some records, like there are a lot of AI tools. That should be my board, but I'm not sure why it's not here. So, I'm waiting for... Permission from my team. Okay. Let me try again to invite him. Sorry, one minute. Okay. Well, I'm waiting for...Okay. Sorry, one minute. I see there somebody from sausage and beet. Tunler. Does it account? I don't understand that. Yeah. Okay, so please somebody make a record for future so be helpful. So what we will have during the three months, we will have two teams, I see you already, I hope you already added to the Slack and you already see in which team you are. If you're not yet in the team, don't worry, like today during the day, maybe tomorrow morning somebody from my side will like add you to needed one. Both teams will have the same project, I today will give a brief explanation what is it and actually next two weeks it's not about the programming, it's about understanding what is it and what should you do. So next week it will be fully preparation week. You will have two teams because I expect this competitor. Like somebody will be better, somebody will be not as good. So you will understand that, okay, you can do better or you still need to be the best because like other team are very close to you. Okay. What else? One minute. Okay. We will have a demo calls each two weeks. This is mandatory. The rest of the calls that you will have internally are baseless. I highly recommend today or tomorrow have an internal call together inside the team just to meet each other, like understand who are who, which roles you are. On the internship we have developers, PM, and designers. As long as I know and maybe K will be later, but for now, let's expect that there will be no K. We will emulate like real scenarios, so this will be fully how we work inside. And it's in my interest. Okay. It's in my interest. Because when you will go to the work, you need to, like, nothing should be unexpected for you. At least from organization point of view. Okay. What else? What skills are you looking for? First is teamwork, because I understand that everybody by his own, but if you will not work as a team. not work like your team will be failed like if you will work alone like everybody failed it's just based on my practice dynamic in improvement uh english code quality and proactivity uh yeah i think code quality together with like now ai hgpt copilot and all the stuff shouldn't be an issue but at least it should show the positive dynamic english is kind of basic so you need to understand at least what i'm saying and proactivity it's more about i will talk about it during the internship but mostly it's about that you are looking for solution and then came to me not looking for advice right away so it's so here you are will be like i will not navigate you so you will do own mistake you will try to understand why you've done this mistake you will try to do better next time and try to analyze okay what i can do next time better and if something's super critical then i like jump in and try to to help you to solve it uh okay calls okay generally from general that's all please let me know if you have any questions if you don't i will jump into the project if you have i am happy to to answer no question perfect actually the project will be i think quite could be a little bit uh difficult uh sorry one minute let me try again to connect my chatbot because i want to share my screen and it will be good no no okay can you do a little bit different i will now uh i create new link because my chatbot go only to my invites so i will create new link and i will send you here in the chat and you will just reconnect to your new conference so i don't think this will be a big issue um okay okay i just in the chat send the link please reconnect there and we will continue there okay my paper is here so should be fine even two not taker okay two is better than zero uh good hope everybody reconnected um i'm sharing my screen and i will try briefly explain what is that also after the call okay sharing sharing let me close because i think i freeze okay finishing so what we will do our company mostly work with healthcare projects and what healthcare projects mean and what is the difference with any other projects that you will have in your life it's mostly regulation there are a lot of regulations which is around like when you work with it a lot they are not sounds like difficult it's look like even obvious uh but i know that in the first thought it could be a little bit strange so what we will do in the like during next three months from the project point of view we will create okay now let's talk about a little bit before that other um yeah okay what we'll create we will create the system which we will take some database like for example medicaid delta data of the patient for example like name address like diagnosis medication so i think nobody from us wants that this information would be public yeah so when we go to the doctor it should be private uh but uh ai should have data for training and it's very good to train ai with the data which uh like we need no not like that before trains ai we need to prepare data and make it like i would say anonymize so this is what this project will do so uh yeah there is some landing pages beautiful but it's not what is the main point okay i think this is the main feature which we have so we will uh select which compliance we have like for now it's for you just we have the left side and the right side for the in-hub course and then we can create the pattern you can see client you can see communication and then we have the uh the user's sustaining population and then we have the the security system which is the customer we have thetatis and it's uh it's the property that you have because that's what the code means but it just means hipper is for us gdpr is europe custom it's custom and ccpa actually i don't know what is this it's some some other country i assume or maybe it's also europe anyway so there is a few So, here is sensitive like patient ID, social security, I don't know, like name. It's sensitive one. And gives all this like highlight all these items here as sensitive. Then user can check, okay, which data of this he want anonymize and which not. By anonymize, I mean just a change to fake one. We select to unselected and after that we generate like this kind of output. So we just replace sensitive data with actually with some mock data. I'm not sure. Yeah, I think it's with some mock data. Ah, yeah. So generate kind of template. So where should be like, where should mock data be? We set it and this template we also insert in the system and get mock data. So get not real data, let's say like that. So all this, so idea is that we can get real patient data, replace the names, like I don't know, emails, edges, and like diagnosis, I don't know how many times he go to the doctor. All the stuff are still valid. But...