give them some basic rules that depend on you. I want you to make your own mistake and then if it will not work, you will see that it did not work. If it's something critical, I will highlight it. But I will highlight it after you are done. Because in other cases, you will not understand why your solution is not working. Okay. I think that's all from my side. Oh, even half an hour. Okay. That's quite good speed. Do you have any questions for me now? Now you can ask about technical one. Like everything. Like technical, non-technical, and maybe some admin process. Because I think I cover everything that I plan. I'm going developmentals. No. No preference. The only thing that we'll have is GitHub. And we will have what? And this all actually in template based on you. The only thing that also will be doing the top template is that pay attention that you, yes, lean configure right. Because it's very often a big issue. Somebody configured, yes, lean. Somebody no. And then there are a lot of like I would say design. mistakes yeah which does not connect it to logic but you spend time to fix them okay okay good i know that most of the information i provided you didn't understand so again please make a call inside your team think about some plan like i will send you now all the information about the project that i have think about the plan think about what what you can do like how you split this responsibility especially now when like ui in investigation phase and try to do the best to prepare some question for the wednesday yeah again give me please two people from each team who will set up template and i need i need time for wednesday but i afraid to ask you so maybe it's better for me to just say it for you uh now it's five in kiev at six does five kiev time work for most okay uh you can answer me in like you can like sit together think about it and if 5 p.m work for most then i will then like i'll make it right one yeah and i even watch the six but okay still have some mistake uh okay 5 p.m wednesday please put some um like how to emoji yes something that i understand that you are okay or not okay so in this case we will just make this working uh i posted in the slack uh yeah okay um yeah then from my side that's all i will go to shop and if someone's in this case i'm post you information about the project and on wednesday i will set up the call from your site like organize please yourself and think about like how what should you do to start development in in monday 30. good super thank you very much for your attention uh i hope i will get you closer during this three months i'm not hoping about it i will know a lot of new stuff from you and yeah see you in wednesday thank you everybody yeah bye