===== part_000.mp3 =====
Okay, everybody, sorry for waiting for me. Let's start from business side, like questions that you have, and then we will go back to this back-end review. It's Q&A session, so does anybody want to start? If no, then we are good to go. Yeah, you just can turn on your microphone. Okay, I think all the teams have their respective questions. I'm just trying to send you over the Slack. Please, my team have prepared a list. It's loading right now. Green team, okay. Which document can you ping me? I sent you a message. There's no private message here. We use only like... common chats. We can use it in some, I don't know, like very personal information, but generally better that everybody will be on the same page, so most of the time it's useful. Okay, let me share my screen, and let's go through the questions. Okay, we need to make a data scheme. It's not a technical question. Okay, do you have business questions? Business questions? Let me check. About the product, everything clear? You are ready for... Basically, the thing was to... The only thing was to clarify. My team asked about the magic link. Should it be the only option to register in the app, or can we use another methods like using Apple and Google account and random email? Let's stick as requirements magic link. If you will have time or if you will want to do it, you can do it as extra. Anything that extra is always good. But let's focus on the basic, because it's very often when team start doing something like site, and then they didn't finish the core. So that's why, again, like anything additional is always good, but core is important and always priority. Okay, if no business question, and you understand how the product works, then we can go through this one. We need to make a data schema, so we know what we are doing to start the database. This is question or it's... I didn't see question. It was a list of remarks and questions that my team prepared, and I aggregated them into a list. So if question, do you need to make a data schema? Yes, you need to make a data schema. We probably need to create some sort of list of server endpoints. What data would... Yeah, data endpoints is like everything that you will do during next three months. So it's doing server endpoints. Could you also help us picture the scale of our apps API? I'm not sure how it's possible to do it. Usually, again, this is your three months work to make these endpoints to get this front end. So it's like, it's what development mean. Can you make any schema now? You can, if you want, you can send to my proof, but usually you just go piece by piece. So you, I don't... You create schema and endpoints for it. You take, I don't know, file upload, you create schema and database for it, and so on. I think it's more easier, especially as all of you are juniors. I don't think that you see how the project will look at the end from the code point of view. Actually, it's first time, I think, internship were like AI in such high level. I think even the previous one was not so good. It was like... I don't know, like half a year ago. So during this half a year, a lot of things changed. So maybe this time it will be very different. Maybe it will be faster or better or something like that. But anyway, it's better doing these small steps because, again, it's your first experience. Okay. More specific tasks might be creating endpoint for send SMS. It shows the one of the landing page. I remember that we discussed front end. Can you explain this? There was a button on one of the landings on the example we had. I'm not sure. Maybe it was AI generated. Let's check. It's over here. Yeah. Because it just mock up, so everything should be double checked. Okay. Let me see. There was a button like contacting with the support team or send us a message, something like that. Yeah, could be. Can you point me? That's the landing page? Yeah, one of the landing page. It's a little bit... Contact sales, retrial. Contact sales? That was the third question. Yeah, let's have it. So just create something simple form and send email. So do not create some super admin site or something like that. So if somebody click contact sales, create some form. What is usually in form? I don't know. Like name, email, phone, maybe a message. Oh, email and message. So something simple. And when user feel it, send this data to some email. For now, it doesn't matter which one. If you hard code it or make it configurable, it's based on you. But yeah, let's do something simple. Contact us. Yeah, I think it's quite important, I assume. We can do send the same stuff, just it will have different naming. So let's do the same. So like email text and it will send to some specific email. Totally the same functionality. I think this will be good because you will have email sending for magic link. And here, yes, I think this will be good practice. Yeah, let's left it. Okay. What else we have here? You send it in general chat. Yes, I saw. Okay, sorry. Somebody connecting. Okay. And now since it seems we're doing before our sync certification, and the third day call says that I should code magic link. No, this is what you ask, yeah? When the app sends email to user. Clicking with the app logged in seems not too hard. Yeah. It's not a very common approach, this magic link. If you never used it before, never saw how it used before, it's actually totally the same as you just described it. So user click. I just think, can I quickly show you somewhere? But I think no. Okay. So user click like login. Enter his email. To email, he get the link. He click a link. He go to the website. But he's already login. Yeah, like that. From technical point of view, yeah, some investigation needed. I don't think he will stuck here. But let's see. About initial backlog of task for backend. I expect from list tomorrow. Yeah. This is you should decide internally. Okay. I general, I have general recommendation. So do not, how to say, do not take everything in once. Concentrated feature. So separate some feature. And ideally, like for you as PM, dedicate it to one person. Because it will be much more easy to control for you. Because when on the like daily calls, you will ask, what are you doing? And you said that I done endpoint. What is endpoint? How to check it? It's not possible. But when you will have a small frontend and backend connected. So you understand. I click this button. I want to see this one. So, yes. Backend and frontend work. But when it's dedicated to one person, it will be easy for you to control. But again, you will, you can play with it and see how it works in practice. But my suggestion, create highlight feature stories. And dedicate it to the developer. And ask developer for him to say what task. I don't know. I need to create this backend and frontend. I need to connect backend to frontend. I need to create backend to frontend. I need to create backend data schema. And all this stuff. So, developer should say you what exactly task he needs. And this is approach which I usually still going. Later on, it become more like, how to say, like differently. Because you will have bugs, features, and some mixes. Somebody have time. Somebody don't have time. So, it will become more mixed. But in the beginning, it's like general approach. It's work perfect for me. Okay. That comes to mind is Friday calls. That question I already asked you. Yeah. Yeah. So, any libraries that you think is needed, please. Yeah. Because ideally, ideally, check the license. Because they usually have like public license. Most of the libraries they have. Because usually if they don't have public license, they are paid. Again, in most cases. And they very often have public license. If even it's like it could be commercial like paid. But for such purpose like for training, they could be free. So, it's more like recommendation. For now, it's not really like needed. But if you will check it, this will be good practice for the future. Okay. Front end. There will be any additional techniques for the site? No. Everything that you will have is template. Rest. You can decide by yourself. If you stuck something or need some advice, you can write me, ping me and say, Luda, I have this option. I have this option. Which option is better? Or if you need some call, you also can ping me and I will try to find the time. But generally, I think it's fine that you will make mistake. You will make bad solutions. And finally, you will understand why it was bad. And next time, you will not do like that. Okay. Next one. What form will we get patient of initial data for static feedbacks, etc.? Okay. Can you point this screen? Is it? Basically, the question was that the purpose of the app itself is to generate covered data from patient information. Basically, we need like ammunition. What's the database or a number of files that would be used to check if the data is used to check if the app is working properly? Basically. This example. Okay. This example. This is. Okay. You can use this one to check. Okay. I don't know. Maybe I will ask to create something else. But I don't have like very specific documents. Okay. It should be more general. So, if the, again, if you, I'm not sure, did you check what is HIPAA, GDPR or like actually, I don't know what is it. For example, for HIPAA, it's medical compliance. It means that you could not. You could not share like emails, names, security number, because as you said, they have security number. So, it's like private information. So, the script should see that. Okay. Here is security number. I need to hide it. And there is a library. I don't know. Did you pay attention to it or no? I sent it to the chat during our initial call, which you need to use for it. It is on Python. I know that it's not any one specialization. This Python script. But it's already in the Docker container. And it's very quickly to set up. I don't think it's a big deal. Sorry. Where is it? Database. I don't know. Here, I think. Yeah. Library that we will use. This one. It's actually this. What actually it's do, it's change. It's actually. Is it even happening? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, demo. This is. Yeah. But this library, we have been expired because they prototype very look like what we need. We just need it with a better design. So you can check it deeper. I think this is could be kind of bottleneck because it's going to be the first time when you like see something that and how to connect them. So just try to investigate as much as you can and what will be not clear. Connect me. I think I will need. I will need somebody from each team who will want to set up the server. We will provide the servers and this library should be deployed from Docker container. Yeah, again, something not trivial. I know that it could be a bottleneck, but I think we could handle it. And it shouldn't be really block you because there are still a lot of front end to do. So if even you will stuck on this, no for weeks, for a week, because if longer I will do it by myself. Then like team still will have more to do. Okay, hope it's clear. Let's go back to, I'm sorry. What was that? I have a record of the meeting. So if somebody from my answer is not clear, you will have the transcription and you can read it, translate and so on. Okay, information about get patient. Yeah, so then like no strict form. It's planned. The important that like you need to detect what from all the stacks is sensitive data. Information about which entry you create reminds the database it's your decision. Like both team will have different.

===== part_001.mp3 =====
database structure i assume it will be very similar but generally i think like it's based based on your based on the team who will be responsible for each kind of task it will be the specific description of the identification listen in the layout identification method it was the about with the frameworks should we describe it them separately like hipaa does that gdpr does that actually uh it does does it yeah i think the because sorry all i should prepare this description which requirements for each one um it looks quite difficult to read it in the under safe however if you need something just define quantity result name remove replace data burst is this one i don't know what does it mean okay i will double check this instruction i will check does it does it does not have any like difficult naming uh but generally like all her like i'll connect with her because she need to prepare like what what are the rules for each of of these categories so if it's bad described because at least i don't understand some wording um i will talk to her and i will try to to do better because she's not quite busy by sword i will try to back with by soldi okay i will i think i will make a video just to make it quicker or she will send the video as she should actually did she because i didn't check the video that i sent to you she didn't explain it no basically i saw them that was just as i understood your explanation video nothing no no it was not mine it was her because i i didn't prepare this this task like uh i from technical point of view i understand how it's work but from business point of sight uh she was responsible for um for creating all the description and she records the video so that's why i just double checked so there was no mention about how each group is working um i don't really remember the description sorry sorry to interrupt no there was no information like this so we had videos from olga right and uh there was just the preview like uh how they used it okay okay okay okay okay there was any i'd apparently make a note because it's kind of a very okay yeah yeah i know that it's like information um yeah because this is what your task okay okay by so's day because i think tomorrow she will spend time to it so by so's day i will try to go back to you with a little bit more more details about what is the difference between each category uh okay the layout provides the ability to start a free tile does this mean that you need to create from a payment system um yeah no general no i think this would just like from ai generated uh landing it was just for you to give ideas like how landing can look like but i think i think because i think it will be good to practice to have some stripe connection it's very easy to connect um to have this checkbox um okay let's let's left for for now like payment not as priority i think it will be good to add but let's see how you will go so after one month we will see where are you are you finish authorization or utilization and based on that we will decide will we make a subscription or no yeah let's do like that because i don't want to overload you with the data is this text recognition uh yeah like yeah i don't know there was the option to upload pdf and work uh word documents so basically that was a question we already discussed it with and maybe if there would be a time we could add functionality on pdf and award documents because sometimes yeah okay okay okay you can take out the text from pdf at least there are some free libraries which you can use for pdf okay if you're stuck on it i'm okay to go with doc but i think pdf will be really useful because people very rarely use like docs in most cases i think it will be pdf like in real case scenario uh yeah it will be easy for me if you would just turn on your microphone and say what what you want to ask because uh i lost in all these tabs well basically that's from the green team i guess uh i think we have a few more questions now uh uh this was double this was a double ah it's the same with the libraries but okay man let's just go without that common what is in mfarf sorry okay okay yeah but i see some questions i think use part first to login in magic no magic link the the purpose of magic link is no uh no password if you you can't forget password because you don't have passport so you just some validation through the magic link is going through the email because if link came to your email it's um it's more trustful i know it doesn't make sense so that's right no no password no forgot password you just enter your email go to your email click on the link login this is how it's work yeah just just turn on your microphone and say okay so i think our team has uh one more uh question about the kind of business side of the app in the line in the ui pages that you provided there is the part with choosing the framework of compliance and there's those three options already there and there is also custom option what does that option suppose to do like choose uh does it yeah yeah you can choose like store three at the same time or create own yeah this is what i should explain in the video in the sense that she she didn't uh so let's uh let's go back with this on our own so they because maybe even delete it okay so i thought they will go back if there's still left question after that you can have a call or chat with me so i don't know okay anything else yes disappear hi hi can you hear me yeah yeah um i have a more of a general question it's not like a project specific do do your endurance at your company do they typically develop features end-to-end like as full stacks or do they focus on one side of yeah full stack no that's why we give uh pass full stack uh test task and that's why i suggest that uh like it's it's more for pm and how you're gonna organize it in the team but i suggest that you take some feature and you do it fully like back and then front end it's much more easy to manage it's much more easy to take responsibility if ever something broken okay okay makes sense what about the it's yeah again it's it's about your company do you in your comp what what um software development methodology do you use or if you don't use any maybe just a hawk um do you use any any sort of agile or anything like that would you would you yeah yeah i think about in development go with the milestone so it's not really so we do something similar that i try to keep week for prepare usually like around three weeks but we usually have for much more complicated so you don't understand how it's working and things are special about these points uh then we put it into some other estimation um then we make uh split two milestones go milestone by milestone and also you can fall back to it which were similar you're also working it's usually on support because um okay it's more connected to the business uh but okay okay this connection do it or no like rise of the internet no sounds like okay okay does it better or is it the same yeah it's much better okay yeah let me repeat how we work so we usually make discovery so it's phase where we gather all the requirements that needed after that we split everything to the milestones use the milestones take two weeks it's very similar to sprint but um yeah but not not as agile i would say like that we use agile usually in the uh support so one project is already ongoing so it's not from the scratch but when it's continue then it's usually more flexible and we have like kind of sprints sometimes monthly sprint sometimes the weak sprint is base of the project really a lot of stuff depend on the customer and how he wants reporting system something like that here we will have maybe more traditional agile because you could not give estimation for months I think it's like you have a lot of mistake but I highly recommend you to start doing it if even if you do it totally wrong just because by the end of the internship for me it's very important like your ability to estimate the task yeah okay thank you thank you hi this is Mira so I'm the project manager for our team and I just don't know if your agenda follows now for your questions or you would like to show us something however I have a question if we could review our questions from our team and also I prepared like general plan that you asked for if we could like start with that so I didn't get start with what was general plan okay yeah well actually I sent to orange team so you can check yeah so up to you you can start with any of them I just you check what you write here right my question is did you check this file absolutely I've created it we had like we gathered many questions and I decided that I'm gonna just for this call I prepared like more like general questions for first month also like from the first screen so we already start the development for the next week and yes so if that's okay hmm because I guess that also you covered some information with alexander y'all if you demonstrate it in joining or in the round process something that is going to happen with elisa when were you gonna provide that kind of know we already talked about the lobby everything I saw your view very much think of where her application is Gonna be ready to be a patient and that's who wants to finalmente with Alexander.

===== part_002.mp3 =====
so maybe we could skip some questions because i wasn't able to connect like right away when you started the meeting sorry about that okay okay so uh would you like to start with the questions you open the file yeah yeah yeah okay great so uh about the scope um again if i missed something at the beginning of the call uh so we can skip those questions just mention it please um so about the expected outcome uh about the functional mvp and uh demo prototypes so um for let's say first month uh especially like first sprint we will have like two weeks sprint um what is the key like uh for demo call should we show you like um let's say logging authentication works could you please stop on this more but it's based on you like it's it's you need to prepare a plan for me and say what you will show me on the first demo like okay yeah like you would not ask customers like what do you expect to have to first demo he will say i want to see the product and you say no it will take six months so you should need to come to customer and say okay this is our plan this is what i will show you on first demo this is what i will show you on second demo and yes i i cannot because i don't know like how quick are you like uh what is like somebody in the team maybe more of the team more advanced in the back end or maybe front end maybe you will do backhand front end but you will not have time to connect it because i don't know like everybody knew and lost so i could not answer it uh what are non-negotiable features mvp i have no idea what is not negotiable features uh-huh uh well this means that uh basically the one that uh we were represented in the video with olga and also in sigma so this is uh i would say like the basic features so we uh have authentication we log in we have uh emailed the link uh then we upload the file we have some uh analytical data and uh we're able to export so basically these are like general features that must be there and uh the question was more like mentioned about the payment like uh for demo version right if we should add some more features yeah i just i truly say i just don't know how to answer this question so when you ask me do you need payment or no i can say do you need payment or no but what is not included i don't know like okay upload picture is not included so it's so many features that are not included that i don't know like what so if you have some like some some doubts about or you if you can send me everything that you understand how this works that i can approve that yes it's this or i don't know you miss something or this it shouldn't be here i could not i can't do it but say but say generally what is not included is still too many things which are not included so if you have acceptance for like a plan or anything like in detail that's yeah i can review it but sorry it's two general questions um yeah what should you do for the first demo week the same questions that first one if scope is contained it was the first feature to the priority designs based on you you can sit with the team and think okay what will be easy for you to do or you think it's more logical to do um like try to play if you will make mistake no problem usually it's it's just a start if you will lucky you will like you will find the right feature right away if you're not lucky then like you will adapt during next week uh who is the primary user of the platform like people who need to anonymize the data who is that is people who usually who try to train ai it could be maybe developers it could be doctors very often actually it's very often doctors it could be nurses it could be doctors it could be doctors it could be doctors it could be in less time it's very often r d offices so it's people who work yeah they have medical education but they do not they're not doctors just because they do not have practice or have some parts of the practice so i would say that platform like that more often use people like that um what is the core use case okay sorry i disappear again um i'm sorry i just lost my connection i couldn't hear anything but that's okay i'm just back i'm so sorry but do you hear me fine yes now now good yes thank you uh okay uh repeat the last question the last answer um actually you moved to uh just navigate me please so you're talking about core user core yeah so primary users of the platform you ask for they who are the primary users you are using in your workflow it's actually and you can do this is the case that you have a core user um you will do a preliminary test uh and then um once you're done uh you'll do the process of data entry like this and then you do all the tasks as per the standard the standard they have a lot of data, so they're very often connected to AI training. Yeah, something like that. What is the core use case for MVP? The re-identification, only a full pipeline. What is full pipeline? Well, I guess it's more of the project readiness of itself, so data certification as well, not just the identification. Where we convert the data and export it, so it's more like... Sorry? I didn't get you, can you rephrase maybe this question? Yes, so by this question I mean like for the first phase, for the first months, but I guess you already answered it at the beginning, because for the first months of our project, should we like let's say cover de-identification only or the full pipeline, so it means like synthetic data analyzing as well? As you decide. Yeah, yeah, I already got this. So it depends on how it works, right? Yeah, so this is what I expect you in three months. If you can do it in one month, perfect, you're a genius, like it's very cool, I will be impressed. Karma, five stars, a job, I don't know what else, but this will be really cool. But what exactly you will take as priority, what is your priority, it's based on you, this is what management is about, at least in my understanding. What is the minimum end-to-end flow we must support? Sorry, I didn't get it. What is maximum end-to-end flow? What is average end-to-end flow? Okay, no problem. But I guess that you already answered this question as well at the beginning. It's just very general questions for me, so if you have something more specific, I don't know, like, am I understand right that user doing this, this, this, then I can approve or disapprove, but we're just like, explain the project, I didn't understand, so should I explain the project again, or what exactly you expect from this question? Well, I'm going to talk to you, this is Natalia from Orange Team, and so maybe Mira meant edge cases, for example, error screens, if token expires, for example. Of course, of course, yes, that's all you need to think about these cases. There are no three cancers, so it's brainstorming of the team, and like, and thinking about like what user can do wrong, and yeah, this should be covered. At least during the demo, I always try to broke something, so try to be aware of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. And, sorry, can I also add to the previous question? Yeah. I want just to clarify for myself, so you sent us Figma screens, yeah, with like step three, for example, where we can, for example, is per entity type method configuration planned? Yeah. Yeah. So, for example, when you choose HIPA, yeah? Yeah, yeah. Is it pre-identified all entities, or we can manually switch some entities, like this one you can change, another one you can change, or it will be, like, a pipeline identified in advance? What is entity? This one? I mean, for example, name, person, time. Yeah, yeah. So, every single day. Yeah. So, every single day. Yeah. So, every single day. So, every single day, yeah. So, every single day. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. should be detected and shown as a list so any sensitive information is shown and then user should manually select or unselect based on what he won't anonymize but firstly the system will help the user to pre-identify that entities which will be changed okay yes because system also can make mistake because it's not always obvious that some numbers for example is social security number maybe just some i don't know some code of an application id but system thinks that it's uh identification sorry this is a security number so you understand that no it is just id of the document and it's not something private if you get what i mean thanks so yeah so generally like that uh it shouldn't be automatically replaced uh all the data that uh um which was how it's found in this document should be shown for user and user should decide which he want to hide and which is not so finally it's still a responsibility of the user to anonymize data thank you so much and while you're just on the screen short question again so if you scroll a little bit higher like yeah above uh you will see the um uh for example that uh the identification settings uh you will see like the down uh synthetic realistic fake data is that the same feature that we can see on the left side bar synthetic data or it's kind of different a little bit uh features oh it's the same it's just yeah it's just all i wanted to show you what is underneath okay thank you yeah so this again it's white frame because for me i think maybe it's too much for user it's better to split it to three steps so it's more like designer like ux ui designer like it's full steam uh brainstorming but um i don't recommend you just uh like think a little bit about the user what will be easier what will be more understandable for him to understand to to get or like make this process easier so ux ui maybe a little bit more ux and you shouldn't repeat ever so that's the thing so what are you going to do so um you're going to download a document which is actually a nice format so i think it's a good one so if you download it to google or you have a google document uh what kind of document you're going to stitch to to download it it will be like a gson document or pdf file or it ups to us to decide which type of document no no it's for me let's let's take pdf because the office is the most used used format but if you want to drop your file to upload you can just use txt files yeah um actually i think it's also good to have pdf all the times all the times yeah sam sam yeah okay um uh yeah um Yeah. PDF, .txt, .docs. Excel type no, also no? No, I said Excel no because it will be difficult to show it to you here. So you could not just show it as a plain text. So let's keep PDF. But I think .txt, .docs, PDF, as mentioned before. Maybe .txt, it will be good. No, JSON, no, it's very rare. Okay. Yeah. Actually, .txt also, I don't think that somebody used .txt. Let's just stick on PDF and .docs. Okay. Okay, next one. Is management zone notification? This is we discuss. What happens after session expire? Log out. Can user write the cache immediately? Can you explain what is right? Yes. So, for example, the session is expired. And then. Mm-hmm. The user can enter, follow the same magic link and reenter the session. Or will need to wait, like, 10 minutes or, like, 30 minutes to reenter. No. You just log in again. Okay. And log in again. So there's no, there's no, like, time limit. No. Black user, no. Yes. No. Okay. Like, first time I hear about such. No, no. What is a fallback flow of expire? Yeah. What is fallback flow? Well, let's say, for example, if user had this e-mail with the link and by mistake just deleted. Mm-hmm. So, for example, to enter the platform again to log in, she will just need to use her e-mail. And then she can use her profile as well. Okay.

===== part_003.mp3 =====
uh as like previously or uh because she used her email before and she will not be able to like uh login no no it's so because super simple like uh okay one minute i think i have somewhere this no just you just put login and you get link if you delete this email you again add email and okay sorry i just um last interview done very good uh very good project yeah so we put it as portfolio on our website because it was really cool and they do something not not similar but uh one minute do we have the link here sorry if i ever found i will show you how this work but i don't see links here ah okay here let's say if backend does not broken then you can see how magic link work okay i put my email i click sign in okay and does something happened because last time it was broken now i think okay now it's not work okay i will not show it to you but it's okay i will check to it later but this stuff is like i put the link i send in uh if nothing came to my email or i don't know i delete it i can click sign in and i can get email so as simple as that okay so there's no like forgot password or uh whatever like uh and there will be no like a problem to enter uh with the same email if we previously send uh the link it just changes the link and that's we we have a new link to use right okay good thank you yes this is the full idea of this yeah this is the idea of uh of magic link okay look like certificate inspired uh okay good thank you what what email should we use um provider okay use whatever is easy for you because um it doesn't really matter i just want that you try try sending mail configure all the stuff select again which is simple usually in the interview people use just google with login password it's not the best approach not the best it's we never use it in the real projects but at least you have some knowledge how to to connect emails if you can do something more easy for you okay if you can do something more advanced please it's no requirement there uh what is the final list of client framework for mvp uh no list not final not the final i don't have list so everything that i had yeah i provide the front end and the camp okay uh i provided to s template and that's all else depends on you what you decide what is my priority okay thank you you can have a lot okay do framework require different logic only selection i'm not sure that you understand what does a different framework mean what is framework well i understand what framework means but maybe i could ask natalia oh you mean sorry you mean this frame mean this for options like gdpr what does this one uh yes i guess that's more about that okay sorry sorry sorry this is my understanding uh-huh sorry what is the finalist compliance okay because i usually call framework is like react node like node.js express this is from box for me okay okay sorry uh yeah this question answer to this question sorry i just didn't know that it's called framework we usually call it compliance and uh like just complies without framework that's why i was confused sorry so yeah i will provide this answer by solid actually guys uh we have 4 p.m i still have some time uh like maybe couple minutes to continue but if somebody need to go you can go um sorry okay uh the framework required different logic uh yeah there are some will be different logic but again i will ask that audio prepare the specific requirements for it in the video format of the doc format to avoid any confusions uh yeah and i think everything connect framework let's let's go back on social day if i will not answer anything we will make additional call or documentation fully automated require user validation editing a user validation this is what we just talked about so this is actually user validation actually i think maybe it will be also good to have option like add item because um okay maybe this will be too advanced for you because i assume that maybe some data will be not uh cached and you need to think about how how to add them um yeah i think if you can think about some suggestion will be great if nobody can discuss later but i think it could happen when some data will be not detected by the library and we need to somehow handle it that behavior need to change based on selected framework um i think it's not about behavior it's about data which is which will be detected here because they're very similar i actually i will check with olga why she okay no i know why she separated because there are some still different but there are not many difference i think maybe it's couple fields uh or single globaut by miylon vp okay play entity anonymization method per min-per-entity or single global method uh what is per entity is framework what is entity uh i think that you have already answered this question so that was my question yeah so you previously answered that you can change uh every entity separately yes yeah yeah it was answered 18 про was answered okay sorry uh is confidence threshold configuration require confidence threshold okay please what is conference threshold confidence threshold threshold threshold no i don't know what is it uh did they disappear one two three no no no you're here we okay yeah i think that just nobody can answer the question ah so nobody knows conference okay so it's not valid uh but if you will remember what is it please just refresh it in like normal simple five years old person question okay what input formats are required for mvp input formats are it's dependent on input i'm not sure which input we have here uh like text text no validation no validation i think it's double down here no validation uh i don't know email validation okay just email validation i don't think we have a lot of inputs here which ah maybe this one okay it should be required oh is that actually in contact us form i didn't notice uh so yeah just required required required required just give me suggestions and i will check if i'm okay with that also sorry can you hear me hello yeah yes sorry about uh the previous question about confidence threshold so uh yeah by that question i mean uh we have this um if you go back to figma um and when you input data and before you uh let's say export and do anything with that if you go back to figma maybe please yeah so basically uh we need to see this input data if you go back to figma maybe please yeah so basically uh we need to see this input data if you go back to if you go back to figma maybe please yeah so basically uh we need to see this input data if you go back to figma maybe please yeah so basically uh we need to see this input data if you go back to that's right sorry to each one here yes this yes and you see here below before analyze we have confidence threshold uh below a little bit below below yes before analyze pattern yeah uh i think this this uh this item should be provided by library which i have was here because i think it was taken from mosaic you see this is what it does taken from here so if you will during development you will see that something is not able to come because we check it only based on um the demo so if there's something we'll be not able to do then we will just keep it for now like let's see how um like how it's work the idea of this one from my understanding is how confident which data was selected because as i said it could mean something or it can highlight something maybe it's not the same data so you can see it's not the same data it which is not needed so it's i'm not sure i don't think they and they could use ai because this would be too expensive i think there are just some algorithm but maybe it's based on how say i i forgot the word but is it required to happen yes it would be good to have of course this will be good because there could be some difficult documents which have a lot of numbers and yeah some confidence could be lower and this means that user need a check more deeper so usually they just look so if it's like 100 confidence they usually don't really care like just select everything by default if it's low they usually so they pay more attention yeah yeah and also olga she mentioned in her video that we should remove this pattern uh where we have like 70 percent above it uh we have this like clicking on off yeah preserve yeah preserve document structure she said to remove it that's okay right yeah yeah okay yeah i think she'd make this screenshot from from website or from ai so again it's not fully true so that's why you need design you need like review it or send it to my review and like before start developing at least uh yeah so you need to have the design before start working on this design and the design should be approved sorry guys i need to go let me um i in couple hours will be available and i will go through this question in the video format uh i will send you to you you can i don't use can chat gpt or whatever to get transcription of it and get it with the text and if one more call needed i will be available in sales day okay okay thank you thank you everybody and thank you uh templates who who is waiting for me i will return to it today also later okay okay sorry thank you thank you thank you