Okay, everybody, sorry for waiting for me. Let's start from business side, like questions that you have, and then we will go back to this back-end review. It's Q&A session, so does anybody want to start? If no, then we are good to go. Yeah, you just can turn on your microphone. Okay, I think all the teams have their respective questions. I'm just trying to send you over the Slack. Please, my team have prepared a list. It's loading right now. Green team, okay. Which document can you ping me? I sent you a message. There's no private message here. We use only like... common chats. We can use it in some, I don't know, like very personal information, but generally better that everybody will be on the same page, so most of the time it's useful. Okay, let me share my screen, and let's go through the questions. Okay, we need to make a data scheme. It's not a technical question. Okay, do you have business questions? Business questions? Let me check. About the product, everything clear? You are ready for... Basically, the thing was to... The only thing was to clarify. My team asked about the magic link. Should it be the only option to register in the app, or can we use another methods like using Apple and Google account and random email? Let's stick as requirements magic link. If you will have time or if you will want to do it, you can do it as extra. Anything that extra is always good. But let's focus on the basic, because it's very often when team start doing something like site, and then they didn't finish the core. So that's why, again, like anything additional is always good, but core is important and always priority. Okay, if no business question, and you understand how the product works, then we can go through this one. We need to make a data schema, so we know what we are doing to start the database. This is question or it's... I didn't see question. It was a list of remarks and questions that my team prepared, and I aggregated them into a list. So if question, do you need to make a data schema? Yes, you need to make a data schema. We probably need to create some sort of list of server endpoints. What data would... Yeah, data endpoints is like everything that you will do during next three months. So it's doing server endpoints. Could you also help us picture the scale of our apps API? I'm not sure how it's possible to do it. Usually, again, this is your three months work to make these endpoints to get this front end. So it's like, it's what development mean. Can you make any schema now? You can, if you want, you can send to my proof, but usually you just go piece by piece. So you, I don't... You create schema and endpoints for it. You take, I don't know, file upload, you create schema and database for it, and so on. I think it's more easier, especially as all of you are juniors. I don't think that you see how the project will look at the end from the code point of view. Actually, it's first time, I think, internship were like AI in such high level. I think even the previous one was not so good. It was like... I don't know, like half a year ago. So during this half a year, a lot of things changed. So maybe this time it will be very different. Maybe it will be faster or better or something like that. But anyway, it's better doing these small steps because, again, it's your first experience. Okay. More specific tasks might be creating endpoint for send SMS. It shows the one of the landing page. I remember that we discussed front end. Can you explain this? There was a button on one of the landings on the example we had. I'm not sure. Maybe it was AI generated. Let's check. It's over here. Yeah. Because it just mock up, so everything should be double checked. Okay. Let me see. There was a button like contacting with the support team or send us a message, something like that. Yeah, could be. Can you point me? That's the landing page? Yeah, one of the landing page. It's a little bit... Contact sales, retrial. Contact sales? That was the third question. Yeah, let's have it. So just create something simple form and send email. So do not create some super admin site or something like that. So if somebody click contact sales, create some form. What is usually in form? I don't know. Like name, email, phone, maybe a message. Oh, email and message. So something simple. And when user feel it, send this data to some email. For now, it doesn't matter which one. If you hard code it or make it configurable, it's based on you. But yeah, let's do something simple. Contact us. Yeah, I think it's quite important, I assume. We can do send the same stuff, just it will have different naming. So let's do the same. So like email text and it will send to some specific email. Totally the same functionality. I think this will be good because you will have email sending for magic link. And here, yes, I think this will be good practice. Yeah, let's left it. Okay. What else we have here? You send it in general chat. Yes, I saw. Okay, sorry. Somebody connecting. Okay. And now since it seems we're doing before our sync certification, and the third day call says that I should code magic link. No, this is what you ask, yeah? When the app sends email to user. Clicking with the app logged in seems not too hard. Yeah. It's not a very common approach, this magic link. If you never used it before, never saw how it used before, it's actually totally the same as you just described it. So user click. I just think, can I quickly show you somewhere? But I think no. Okay. So user click like login. Enter his email. To email, he get the link. He click a link. He go to the website. But he's already login. Yeah, like that. From technical point of view, yeah, some investigation needed. I don't think he will stuck here. But let's see. About initial backlog of task for backend. I expect from list tomorrow. Yeah. This is you should decide internally. Okay. I general, I have general recommendation. So do not, how to say, do not take everything in once. Concentrated feature. So separate some feature. And ideally, like for you as PM, dedicate it to one person. Because it will be much more easy to control for you. Because when on the like daily calls, you will ask, what are you doing? And you said that I done endpoint. What is endpoint? How to check it? It's not possible. But when you will have a small frontend and backend connected. So you understand. I click this button. I want to see this one. So, yes. Backend and frontend work. But when it's dedicated to one person, it will be easy for you to control. But again, you will, you can play with it and see how it works in practice. But my suggestion, create highlight feature stories. And dedicate it to the developer. And ask developer for him to say what task. I don't know. I need to create this backend and frontend. I need to connect backend to frontend. I need to create backend to frontend. I need to create backend data schema. And all this stuff. So, developer should say you what exactly task he needs. And this is approach which I usually still going. Later on, it become more like, how to say, like differently. Because you will have bugs, features, and some mixes. Somebody have time. Somebody don't have time. So, it will become more mixed. But in the beginning, it's like general approach. It's work perfect for me. Okay. That comes to mind is Friday calls. That question I already asked you. Yeah. Yeah. So, any libraries that you think is needed, please. Yeah. Because ideally, ideally, check the license. Because they usually have like public license. Most of the libraries they have. Because usually if they don't have public license, they are paid. Again, in most cases. And they very often have public license. If even it's like it could be commercial like paid. But for such purpose like for training, they could be free. So, it's more like recommendation. For now, it's not really like needed. But if you will check it, this will be good practice for the future. Okay. Front end. There will be any additional techniques for the site? No. Everything that you will have is template. Rest. You can decide by yourself. If you stuck something or need some advice, you can write me, ping me and say, Luda, I have this option. I have this option. Which option is better? Or if you need some call, you also can ping me and I will try to find the time. But generally, I think it's fine that you will make mistake. You will make bad solutions. And finally, you will understand why it was bad. And next time, you will not do like that. Okay. Next one. What form will we get patient of initial data for static feedbacks, etc.? Okay. Can you point this screen? Is it? Basically, the question was that the purpose of the app itself is to generate covered data from patient information. Basically, we need like ammunition. What's the database or a number of files that would be used to check if the data is used to check if the app is working properly? Basically. This example. Okay. This example. This is. Okay. You can use this one to check. Okay. I don't know. Maybe I will ask to create something else. But I don't have like very specific documents. Okay. It should be more general. So, if the, again, if you, I'm not sure, did you check what is HIPAA, GDPR or like actually, I don't know what is it. For example, for HIPAA, it's medical compliance. It means that you could not. You could not share like emails, names, security number, because as you said, they have security number. So, it's like private information. So, the script should see that. Okay. Here is security number. I need to hide it. And there is a library. I don't know. Did you pay attention to it or no? I sent it to the chat during our initial call, which you need to use for it. It is on Python. I know that it's not any one specialization. This Python script. But it's already in the Docker container. And it's very quickly to set up. I don't think it's a big deal. Sorry. Where is it? Database. I don't know. Here, I think. Yeah. Library that we will use. This one. It's actually this. What actually it's do, it's change. It's actually. Is it even happening? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Actually, demo. This is. Yeah. But this library, we have been expired because they prototype very look like what we need. We just need it with a better design. So you can check it deeper. I think this is could be kind of bottleneck because it's going to be the first time when you like see something that and how to connect them. So just try to investigate as much as you can and what will be not clear. Connect me. I think I will need. I will need somebody from each team who will want to set up the server. We will provide the servers and this library should be deployed from Docker container. Yeah, again, something not trivial. I know that it could be a bottleneck, but I think we could handle it. And it shouldn't be really block you because there are still a lot of front end to do. So if even you will stuck on this, no for weeks, for a week, because if longer I will do it by myself. Then like team still will have more to do. Okay, hope it's clear. Let's go back to, I'm sorry. What was that? I have a record of the meeting. So if somebody from my answer is not clear, you will have the transcription and you can read it, translate and so on. Okay, information about get patient. Yeah, so then like no strict form. It's planned. The important that like you need to detect what from all the stacks is sensitive data. Information about which entry you create reminds the database it's your decision. Like both team will have different.