===== part_000.mp3 =====
Okay, while we are waiting, let's, we have the last template. Alexander, I see that you're already here. Let's check what is, maybe you can help me. So, first one, why layout is from lowercase and not from the uppercase? I always vote in lowercase. But this one is uppercase. So, just decide which way you will go and, like, everything should be the same. Okay, the next one is, can you help me understand why you use loading spinner? Because I go to the page, I don't see it, but maybe it's missing. It was in the previous version. Okay, so if. Delete the pages. Yeah, okay, if it's not used, please delete. So, according to instruction, I just ask to create. So, let's go maybe together because we need to have it ready. So, create example of a page and example of reusable component. So, the idea was, idea was to show how it should look like. So, if it's not work, so if it's not used anywhere, just delete it and create something that you can input to the page and show how the input to the page work. Because it's important for me, I want to see, did you connect aliases or no? So, anything. Is that not used here? Delete and create example component and input it to the page, any of them. Yeah, I don't think we need to pay just one is enough. But okay, let's left as it is. Constance, I think it's fine. And no hardcoded values, please delete it. If needed, just show some error, but don't hardcode it. Okay, about this, I'm not sure. Will we use it anywhere? It's really sad, I will not feel it. Okay, this one is fine, but rest, I would not feel because maybe nobody will use it. Or maybe it will not need it. So, I would rather put responsibility to add this constants to the person who will actually implement the feature, because I have no idea in which way it will be implemented. So, again, I would rather delete and clean all the stuff. So, the idea of the template, it shows some examples, each developer will implement own features in own way. So, it does make sense to put something that will never be used. Okay, so, please clean constant, just left only what is used now in the project and delete this hardcoded value. Okay, so, this is it. Left two pages or delete one? No, it's fine. Like, I see the dashboard, we'll have a dashboard and we'll have ours. So, it's okay. Okay. Okay, let's left it. As long as team will understand what is it and will not, yeah, so, it's fine. Okay, but the services, I think the same, the identification service, I'm not sure I will use it or it will be separate. I think the dashboard and the identificator service could have the same store, maybe different, but anyway, let's delete everything and left maybe all service. For mock service, because anyway, we don't have nothing. So, yeah, just delete everything that is not used, maybe like one example, store, okay, store, I think it's clean, no, it's the same, so, this one should be deleted. I don't know, this should be deleted because you have a dashboard page, but you didn't connect. So, idea was that you create, okay, so, you create a page, but actually the store never used. So, you already have Alice reducer, so, just connect something to this Alice page, this page is Alice, just to show the example how store is connected here, as well as reusable components. So, yeah, you make everything too complicated, okay, this is fine, this is fine. About styles, okay, what is here? Okay, it's all good. Ah, you have Alice, it's okay. Looks great. Okay. So, yeah, just clean, please, and left only what is needed or something, this example, because, yeah, it's, when something's not finished, nobody will use it. It's a bigger chance that, like, when somebody will take the task, they will create everything from the scratch. So, it would be just a garbage, which nobody will clean. So, make the template cleaner. If you can do it today, great, if you could not do it, let me know, then I will take template from other team. And you will go on with it. I will do it after the meeting. Okay, perfect. Great. I think we have not a lot of people, but I think it will be enough to, ah, no, 15. Okay, it's more than enough. Okay, what today is the purpose of this call? The purpose of this call is to, like, have this point where we understand that we start development. And because of that, we have some new rules. We have some new rules which appear. And first is a demo call. So, we will have each two week a demo call. It's when each team prepare what was done during previous, like, two weeks, one and a half week, and show it, like, what you will present, you define by yourself. So, it's based on your speed, based on your capacity, based on your knowledge. It will be each day at 6 o'clock. At 6 p.m. Kiev time. I will send invite to everybody. Yeah. Because I won't left Friday for maybe some planning. I will send invite, so you will have invite for each source day. So, like, one week no demo, one week demo, one week no demo, one week demo. Okay, let me do it now. No. And then, just let know the PM, in general chat rows. Sorry, I could not attend. Because I understand that it could happen. But, generally, try to attend. It's the only meeting which required from my side. Okay. So, let me create for 9. It's 6 p.m. And repeat each two week. Yeah. yeah okay i think everybody have invite just now yeah okay good item first done uh next item is pr so let's try so i hope you check what is pr uh so now like any changes you should do from develop branch let me share my screen i just typed in general chance so everybody will see it so any changes from develop branch uh at least one template will be finished because we still have one template which is not approved uh but anything like rest was approved it means that develop branch was created if didn't please who was responsible for template create develop branch because by this time it should should be in place so develop branch created you create your branch from development branch and create pull request pull request should be done when task finish let's see like maybe if this will be too because ideally i want to see your pull request each like i don't know two three days uh but if you will see the task will take too much time maybe we will create requests each day okay so for now it's like that so you create pull request when task finish let's check your pull request before me you have here the rules for pull request uh one minute let me remind why is it um that was a google doc file i think this one no not this one this one nothing too complicated ideally you have this list in your pull request where you make it check marks and this is the list of what is requirements for me the rest of the requirements i would just see check your logic if you still don't know what pull requests just check with like google chat gpt it's not difficult to to do it uh next one so when you create pull request in your group i like green team or steam you write the message something like that um where is me okay mila please check and here should be https github i don't know what is github and there's pull request i don't want to see something like that this look like so this is the message that i expect from you um i have from one minute if it was not deleted channels okay it was deleted okay then i will not show you how it looks like it happened one minute something with my computer sorry one minute guys yeah look i need to restart slack okay it's work yeah so i could not show sorry sorry technical issue uh-huh okay okay weird okay i can go back to showing the screen uh okay so you sent this message like that in general uh sorry not in general in your team slack usually when i check it i left your comments in the thread something like i know left comments months or approved so this is what you will see so if left comments it means that you are fixing your like commits pull requests until you will be approved if you approved you can click match button you will see it's in the for request one minute do i have any no yeah okay i don't have example so we'll go without example so if it's approved you click match button if it's left comment then you need to make a fix according to the comments all the comments are left in the pull request not in the slack so you will see it right away so the only things that i ask you is left reaction um here comments reaction could be i don't know like like this one or this one uh why because sometimes list is too big and you miss something but when you put reaction it means that you read the message so it's high chance that you did didn't miss anything so that's why please uh left reaction and if anything that you that you want if you do not agree with any comments you can just left your comments and say i don't agree i don't it's better approach or i don't agree here is the article i don't agree this is what chat gpt say so on so it's it's fine just just i need something to understand that you read it um and i think that's all so yeah so when it's approved you match and this becoming the uh the the the other um you know you'll have some kind of a challenge a problem if you don't understand something because you don't have to like it or you don't understand like all these are a lot of things that you don't need to do because you can always make changes but i am saying yeah just like the other reasons i mentioned so just please do it yeah and you can get better results my question is are you happy with what you're doing okay

===== part_001.mp3 =====
develop branch it's it's my high recommendation yeah you if you will not do it i will see it and like you will work with consequences um yeah that's all what this call was for any questions general not general specific no we are good good then please uh everybody are free except sorry one minute ways you need pm except orange team please orange team left because we need to figure out what you are should do and because from what from my investigation you don't have any plan so let's stay and decide to not yeah to make some plan yeah thank you everybody rest is free to go okay guys but was but one one within seven yeah i think for know is not a good there is a all sh and a She was supposed to create a dashboard. Do you remember what the tasks were for everyone? What format was the planning? We discussed what we had to do for the sprint. The tasks were not yet distributed. What were the plans for the sprint? Authentication, part of the landing. We focus on the design. Yes, I found it strange. I looked at the design and there was nothing there. The design went the other way. So, okay. Authentication and landing is what you planned to do for the next sprint, right? Yes, we planned it differently. Okay. Okay. Natasha, tell me, please. Did the task give you an APM? Or did you set the priority yourself and it just told you to do it? No, there was a meeting with the team. They told me, as we decided, that in order for everyone to have work, no one expected anyone. From the landing, I only make contact form. This is the table that you approved. Then I had to do this autofocus on the link. Magic link. And we decided that as soon as I finish it, I will make this dashboard. Okay. No, just those designs that I asked you about in the movie, they are completely different. Or did you just start doing it, and then you had a planning? I started with the first wizard. This was our first meeting. Wizard is, I mean, a compliance card. Then we had a second meeting, at which we decided that I, with this hand, with the help of a hundred pairs of other developers, it would be better for me to start with the contact form on the landing and start authorizing the link. This is contact us. I thought it was authorization. Authorization is what you get. I started with this, then I threw it in. And this is what I did magic link. This is when you click on the get started button on the landing page and go to this screen. That's it. In short, I probably fell asleep when I was writing your message. And I think so. I also wrote to you in a voice message. I think maybe I didn't understand anything. In short, okay, that's it. I don't know. In short, I was, well, I think I switched, but I didn't switch. Yes, everything is fine. That's it. That is, this screen is when you click on get started. And you get to this screen. And here you were shown different input states. Super, super cool. Super. That's it. We have a contact form. We don't have a landing page. This is probably what we need. Yes, I'll do the landing in the middle for the guys. That is, I still have the morning, so I have two days. I will send the landing in the middle. First you, Orange Team, then Tegano, right? I wanted to ask how it happens, how do you confirm the design? Do I have to pull you and that's it? Yes. Well, as long as PM is not there, then yes, like, pull me. Better. Well, in short, ideally, throw me a link and, like, what is it? Well, I don't know. Ah, okay. Throw me a link, like, a landing page. If there is something super new, well, like, here you have some transitions, then you can record some small videos. When you have a PM, you will discuss it with us and the PM will have to communicate with me. But for now, let's do it this way. Yes, okay. Well, then everything is not so bad. Then I only have such a question. I asked when you were making a plan, do you know what someone is taking? Or let's go through it again now and determine what someone is doing. This is already up to the developer team. Yes, judging by everything. Well, I plan to choose authorization for myself. Uh-huh. On the magic link. Uh-huh. Okay. And when are you talking about authorization? Do you mean front-end, back-end, email connection? And what do you mean when you say authorization? Well, first I will do back-end. Uh-huh. Do endpoint. Uh-huh. And then I will do a backup. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And then when the JVT token is issued ... Uh-huh. Okay. Uh-huh. And then to be sure. Then design. Then I will start to work together ... There is a design. There it is. Time to figure it out. This week I plan to infuse the backend, and the next design ... C'mon, it took a shit lenght. I knew it. I didn't know. Charge your skin, but all that shit? No, but ... Yeah. No, but for actors in general and complete,... Oh, in returns it cost, but they? I used it already. Oh, now they sell it in customs. Yeah. So how? Well, in my opinion after all that ... So. Okay, good. I heard about it. With such plans, we will now break up into a few people. Okay, then let's do this. You take the endpoint, the database, because you need to save the token that you will send to the mail somewhere, right? Plus, you need a user ... By the way, we haven't talked about it yet. Okay, let's do this for now. Well, you need to save this token in the database. And you need to create a UI. Now I need someone to connect the email. I suggest that we create an email with a separate task. Of course, we need to create a service that will accept the token and email and send it to this email in a token link. That's how it should be. In short, someone will do it. I wish. There are no wishes. Okay. We will choose. If I struggle with endpoint and GVT token, then I will try. Well, if you struggle, then yes. And if you don't, that's it, you don't struggle. I need someone else parallel. There you will have a job. Because you still need to accept this GVT token on the frontend. Well, you sent it, right? You made a UI, you sent it. Then the person will go. Then the person will go to this GVT and you also need to show how it looks. By the way, I think that ... Wait a minute, I got confused about the design. Everything is here, the design. So, I suppose that when a person will go, he will probably go to the dashboard right away. Yes, yes, yes. It should be here right away. Autonomous already. Autonomous already. So, we need a page. Natasha, we need a page of this. Empty, in short. Yes, I will make an empty state. I just didn't have time. This is filled, there will still be an empty state with tooltips. Yes, what are tooltips? And this is when you point an arrow at some chart and it tells you where you are and what it means. Oh, yes, well, okay. No, this is good. Only the tooltip, it seems to me, should not be filled. And when it comes for the first time, you need to show, for example, you don't have any data. Yes, when it comes. That is, I plan for these charts to just be ... Yes, that is, they should be in the default state of gray color with zero values. That is, in principle, the layout will remain the same. No, no, no, no. No? We don't understand well, why 185? Well, even if it is gray, the user can be confused. Why 98%? No, it's like a mockup, you know, when there is already some information, when the user is not the first. And if it is a new user, a banner will appear, we welcome a new user, for example. Yes, yes. It will be just zeros, that is, it will be in zeros. Oh, you want to do that. Well, okay, you can try. I would just say, like, no data to show, like, start using the app, or something like that. Well, you can ... Well, in short, you need to look, because I just saw it in zeros. I was just thinking about the developers and how it will be more important for them. I thought that if the layout and all these frames remain the same, there will simply be zero values and a hint for the user that, as you are new, the date is still empty. I thought about it from the point of view of the developer. No, it should be from the point of view of the user. Well, at least ... Well, like, yes, it's right for the developer to ask some things, but I just think that from the point of view of the user, it will be strange for him to see zero values. Because it's okay, where there are numbers, it's just okay, but the chart will be completely empty, everything will be empty here, there will also be only these. They just ... Well, it seems to be empty, in fact, when there will be nothing. Oh, look, I don't know if I can make two options, let's make two options, and we'll see what it will look like. Okay, okay. It's not difficult for me. Let's do it this way. Well, anyway, in any case, when you need to redirect links, you can at least display some kind of hello world page here, and display these things here. Well, the menu. I'm talking about the authorization ... No, I don't know, okay, that's it for now. Yes, okay, there are no email requests. If you want to send a link to an email, then we will have a mark. So, Mark, what do you need to do? You need to write a function that will receive an email, and what do we have there? Token. Oops. Token. And, in principle, nothing ... No, return ... Well, I don't know, you probably don't have to return anything. We'll see. And it will send, in fact, a link, it will send something like ... Well, in this case, you have a localhost. Something like that. HTTP. What is there? Localhost. Localhost. There are three thousand. This means that I have to get rid of nif. Well, this thing is the front end, the path. And something like ... Login. I don't know. And here is this token. In general, in this format, which you will have to send. There, if there is something, some little things, then we will correct it. I have a question. Query parameters. Token equals. Query parameters. Token equals. Oh, you, like, instead of a login, write a token here. Oh, you want it like this. I understand. You, like, like this. Well, in fact, they rarely write now. Yes. Well, like, I understand that it's a little easier for parsing. I understood it like this. Well, for parsing, it's so much easier. But for the user, these things, well, it's better not to do that. Well, like, what is sent to the email, it's better not to do it in this format. It's better to do it in the form of, there, token, there, slash. Well, in short, it's better to do it in this format. Well, it's more trustful. In other words, if you pay attention to what links come to you on the mail for verification and all that, you will very rarely see a question mark. Like, you will always see it in this format. Yes. Yes. I don't look at that link at all, just. Well, that's just a reason to start looking. Well, like, the whole experience of development is to start paying attention to these things that you didn't pay attention to before. So, okay. What was the question there? Mark, you can just turn on the microphone and talk. Yes, I had a question. And from which mail should we send this link to the user? Create one. Well, that's a good question. Just create. There is the simplest option. It's like, you create some kind of Google. I don't know. Some kind of common. I don't know. Zenbeat, Intersheet, Green Team, Hello World, something like that. And there you send the login and password. If you can do something more secure, well, at least not with a login and password, but through a token, there again, some AI will tell you. Then it will be generally super. If you can turn on some service, like, well, in short, some service, it will be even cooler that the services allow you to draw templates yourself. Well, like, what the email itself will look like. And, by the way, yes, this is a good thing. The fact that you will have to write the email itself. Email text. Well, like, create a template. Something like, hello, there, not hello, user. But like, I don't know. What can you do there? Like, here is your link. Here is your link for verification. By the way, this is a very good point. We will need more. I don't forget it yet. I leave it in the comments. This is probably the next priority. In short, the next priority. Well, let's call it two. I don't know. We will need an email template. What does it mean?

===== part_002.mp3 =====
Там якийсь логотипчик додати. Я думаю, їх можна в інтернеті пошукати, якісь приміри. Обично там якийсь логотипчик пишуть, там футері пишуть, там, не знаю, названня сайта. Ну і текстом якось відформатувати в центрі чи збоку, щоб вигляділо не так не наче, там, на колінки відправили. А щоб, як би, трасфол був, так? Так, от буде щось про дітей написати. Так, окей, текст хейзіоринг фор веріфікейшн, да, потім дизайн, коли буде, його підправимо. Так, окей, далі, що в нас є далі? Так, Ленінберджі в нас немає, це то, що мене, звісно, більше всьо, воно трошки грустненько. Ага, ну в нас є ще ця штука, давайте її візьмемо. Солюшени, Баутас. Кстати, Баутас не надо, тут можна, коротше. Так, я розумію, я думаю, ми будемо чекати разом, так. Окей, Баутас не надо, це просто на будущий, просто це, главна пейджа і контакт каси буде достатньо. Так, хто може взяти цю штуку, в общем. Так, оце, кстати, не потрібно. У нас є права на редактирування. Ой, супер, я прям тогда отак прям не зроблю. Нє, нема, щось не видаляється, ладно. Sorry, я потім зроблю вам доступ, да, не відкрию. Ну, типу, і, якщо зробиш, то я тоді зможу щось видаляти, а якщо ні, то тоді просто підкоректируєш. Так, теж немає добровольців. Контакт кас. Так, як він буде працювати, давайте, ну, типу, просто відправляємо на якийсь емейл. От, якраз хтось заріглає, не знаю, бумагу. Так. я не знаю, або Марка, або хтось там у нас зараз буде, заригає е-мейл і на цей е-мейл буде відправляти якраз ці контакт аз е-мейли. Ну, типу попроще. Тобто, user fill the form, sales, get, е-мейл, on-e-mail, коротше якось так. Що тут нам треба зробити? Нам треба зробити UI, нам треба зробити endpoint, ну, і нам треба буде визвати оцю функцію. А, кстати, ні, не цю функцію. Нам треба, коротше, зробити трошки не так. Нам треба зробити буде універсальну функцію, яка буде, а що вона буде? Яка буде просто відповідальна. Приймати, ага, значить, що тут нам треба зробити? Тут буде дві таски. Перша, якщо універсал, да, універсал функція, яка приймає to, from і template, напевно, так буде. А друге, це вже ми зробимо ще функцію, коротше, specific token sent. Ну, коротше, тут нам треба буде зробити абстракцію. Для чого? Щоб оцю універсальну функцію можна було з'юздити ще в других місцях при відправці е-мейла. Sorry, Mark, тут понятно чи не дуже? Що значить універсальна функція? Непонятно це? Так. Окей, дивись. Щас. Одно, guys, почуйте секунду, в мене щас там все згорить. Щас звернусь. Так, все, sorry. Щас шарю екран. А, можна в міру. Ну, ладно, можна тут. Коротше, в нас є функція, яка приймає, не знаю, send email. Вона тут буде приймати, ну, то, що я написала, from. Тобто ти создаєш якийсь е-мейл, буде там, не знаю, green team info. Тобто ти його туди передаєш. Тоді to, це е-мейл, який юзер веде. І це from to, і що там я сказала? А, template. Що таке template? По ідеї, ну, ти коли почитаєш, як, взагалі, відправляти е-мейли, по ідеї, для кожної е-мейла создається template. Тобто, по суті, це html-верстка. Це то, як виглядає е-мейл. Тобто, по суті, тут ти відправляєш html-верстку. І от, іменно, тут всі функції, ти будеш визивати там, не пам'ятаю якось, ну, каже, там, либо є. Нодмейлер, по-моєму. По-моєму, нодмейлер. Коли ти визиваєш цю либо нодмейлер, ти даєш тут ці параметри, і воно відправляє це все на е-мейл, який в тебе вказано тут. Тобто, це одна така функція. Ну, оцю функцію, вона, по суті, буде універсальна. Тому що у нас є кілька е-мейлів. У нас є е-мейл на токін. У нас буде е-мейл, не знаю, там, може, що там у нас є. Ну, на контакт-форму. У нас ще буде, може, там, не знаю, якийсь е-мейл. Новосний чи ще щось. Ну, коротше, у нас може бути куча е-мейлів. Тобто, оця штука, яка буде переюзуватися. Ну, нам треба десь создати цей темплейт, і нам треба якось сказати, from і to це хто. Коротше, і того у нас буде функція, типу, не знаю, sendTokenEmail, яка буде визивати цю функцію. І отут ти вже, ой, чорі, сорі. Тут вона буде приймати, в принципі, що вона буде приймати? Вона буде приймати from. Ні, to вона буде приймати. Вона буде приймати токен. Тому що токен тоді буде приходити з endpoint. Та і все, в принципі. Все, і тут ти, що ти тут робиш? Ти тут визиваєш generate template. template, which include links. include link with token. Тобто тут у тебе, тобто у тебе якраз буде тут оцей текст. Here is your verification. Here is your verification link. Для чого це треба? Того, що ось зараз хтось другий буде визивати цю саму функцію. Типа, оце твої буде кусок робити. І хтось другий зараз буде визивати verification функцію, яка буде send. contact for. І в принципі тут у нас буде, що? У нас буде тут from. Це юзер, який ось тут, якщо подивитися на дизайнер, то у нас тут є е-мейл, так? Ось е-мейл, коротше. Соответственно. Тут буде такий е-мейл, коротше. Буде другий template. Неважно, тут буде щось по-другому. Тобто він буде визивати все ту же функцію. Головне, щоб воно передавало значення from тут і template. І, соответственно, цю штуку можна буде переюзати. І, якщо ти оце об'єдниш все в місті, то у нас буде тоді дублікати. Тобто оцей кусок кода нам буде і тут писати, і тут писати. А, якщо ти зробиш отаку архітектуру, де ти зробиш одну функцію плюс другу функцію, то цю функцію можна буде переюзати. В общем, якось так. Я скину потім ще translation цього відео. Плюс якийсь невеликий research. І, я думаю, все устаканиться. Так, окей. Тепер нам треба той, хто зробить, що в нас там. Endpoint and fill form. Тут щось не так. Все. Що там ще написала? User fill the form. Get email on email. А! Tell manager. Get email. Request. Так, отак. Request on email. І endpoint. Супер. Так, що у нас там далі у мене по списку йде? Так. Олександр. Це буде твоя частина. Ну, тільки спочатку, звісно, play закінчити. Це прям супер-піоритет, бо ніхто, по суті... А, ну, ладно. Ні, ладно. Поки не блокер, але все одно краще не затягувати. Так. Next one. Це в нас така є. Штучка красива. Що ми ще можемо зробити? В нас ще 2 людини, так? Я думаю, ще комусь треба взяти, зробити оцю, ну, по суті, UI-ку. Оце, в общем, зробити layout. Там в template у нас, скажемо, layout. От якраз класно зробити layout, де в нас буде менюшка. Її можна буде зробити при дефолтної. І тут якийсь контент. Поки ми не знаємо якийсь. Типа, вставляєм child в React. І потім будемо туди підставляти. Ну, в принципі, як layout-и працюють. Є там добровольці? Нема. Окей. Віктор в мене слідує. Мені здається, якось пропустило. Так. Окей. Віктор. Подкажи, Віктор, зрозуміло, що таке layout? І що він включає? Так. Окей. Супер. Ну, це не має бути складною таскою. Ну, я думаю, це вистачить. Хоча буде на якесь час, поки там ми узгоджимо інші темплейти і дизайн щось до роботи. Ну, ще хедер тоді треба виключити, так я розумію. Кого-кого? Ну, сайдбар і плюс хедер ще треба виключити. Ну, тут сайдбар, а хедера просто я його не бачу. Ну, він є. Просто він таким самим цвітом. А, хоча... Оце... Там допишеться е-мейл. Бачите справу? Ні, оце. А, справа? Ні. А, оце аж... А, все я зрозуміла. Ну, так, так. Согласна. Тоді сайдбар і хедер, так. Окей. Можна навіть... Layout, сайдбар, хедер, хеа. Так, окей. Це в нас є. О, і мені якраз треба було доброволець на цю, коротше, серверами погратися. Хто в нас залишався там? Так, кого я пропустила? Ні, це я. Це я. Ще ігнат є, але він щось не наміг. Ага, ігната нема. Ладно, я з ним зв'яжуся, якщо цей. Якщо він відповість, тоді я йому дам таску. Сетап. По цьому. По сетапу цієї Ліби, яка в Майкрософтах. Тому що там треба хтось, щоб посидів тут і з докером покупався. І в ідеалі це до того, як ви дійдете до внутріності. Все. Я поки таки даю такому просто plain текст в Slack. Я надіюсь, там через пару днів це все буде в джері. Поки мені просто важливо, щоб ви розуміли, що це, в принципі, що це значить. Якщо щось не зрозуміло, ну, типу, з точки зору, не як це зробити. Як це зробити, це в цьому і закращається вся таска. А в тому з точки зору, як це повинно працювати. Ви всі, ну, в общем, як це зробити, це ми будемо потім і справляти. Головне, щоб ви розуміли, що вам треба зробити як фінальна точка. Е-е. Подскажіть всім понятно, що, що, що робити. Чи все ще не дуже. Чи кому не дуже, давайте, давайте будемо розбирати. Окей. Good. Значить, у нас бекенд готовий темплейт. Правильно? А хто в нас сетапив бекенд? Ага. Так. Зараз. Микола. Так? В нас сетапив. От. Соответственно, бекенд у нас готовенький. Соответственно, все, що касується. От тут ендпойнтів. Я маю не тут. От тут ендпойнтів. Можна брати. А UI-ка? Я думаю, що завтра теж буде. Ага. Це у нас виходить, як хтось один заблочить. Йомайо. Слухай. А може цей? Може, Віктор, ти доробиш темплейт? Зможеш доробити темплейт? Якраз доробиш темплейт, ти почнеш робити лейаут. По фронту? Так. Та я не сильно вникав, чесно кажучи. Чого там не вистачає в ньому? Ну, так. Я би зараз його розказав. Ні, я роблю ще. Ну, так, так. Так, я зараз його зроблю. Ну, добре. Ну, добре. Цей Віктор тобі не знає. Я доктором більше цікавився, то, в принципі, я можу розкрутити посидію. Ааа, от. Огонь. Тоді зараз отак поміняємо. А я надіюсь, що ігноруєш. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Так. Тоді це у нас буде. Ігнот. Я надіюсь, правильно написала. Так. А це у нас. Так, сорі. Хто? Віктор, так? Так, все. Віктор. Це у нас буде. Так. Мені треба буде. Я зараз прийду до Діми і додам, який там докер-контакт. Якщо він не буде, то я йду. Так. Так. Тоді. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую. Дякую.

===== part_003.mp3 =====
де ми будемо це все сетапити, і з Docker контейнером, який туди треба розмістити. А там треба буде копатися, ну там коротше будемо дивитися, на чому зустрігаємо. Меседжі, якщо там щось суперлічне, мені писати влічку, але в основному, пожалуйста, підгуйте мене тут, бо в контекст, скоріше всього, всі мають знати. Докеру на завтра мені інформацію дають. Так, я би сказала, що більше на завтра орієнтуватися, бо мені сьогодні треба підготувати, я забула, чесно кажучи, про цю штуку. Добре, ну я, в принципі, проіграв ці моменти, воно все працює, тільки які версії напишете, то я тоді поцілюю. А, ти розвернеш його локально? Так, в мене все крутиться. О, агонь, агонь. Тобто, мені виходить, що якщо ти все розібрав, то мені тільки сервер для тебе створити. Так, а що в нас всі, у нас є Heroku? А, ні, у нас якийсь Hetzel. Що-то, коротше, німецьке там є. Ладно, щас піду і, може, я бістенько теж дістану. Якщо ні, то тоді на завтра орієнтуватися. Добре. Ти серверами працював, знаєш, як через SSH конектитись у цю Heroku штуку, чи не дуже? Ну, це не дуже. Ага, ну окей, я тобі поскидаю доступи, а там, в принципі, дивишся, розберешся. Супер, якщо ні. З адмінами більше співпрацювали, то таке. Ну, як буде щось, інформація, то я розберусь. Так, окей, то там несложно, там тих інструкцій в інтернеті хочуть зробити. Головне докер поставити, а остальне все підтягнеться. Так, так. Окей, супер. Все, тоді, хлопці, в принципі, починаємо. Про PR я там об'яснила, так, в общому чаті. А, ну, в принципі, в цьому общому чаті. Пінгуємо мене, коли буде готово, і скидаємо. Якщо десь застряли, прям застряли, питайте, зв'язайтеся між собою. Якщо між собою не працює, то тоді можна мене теж пінгувати. Все. Я думаю, що завтра десь вас набере PM, і теж у вас будуть якісь невеликі анбордінги, типу того. Good. Все. Гарного тоді дня, всім чого вечора, і будемо на зв'язку.