Okay, while we are waiting, let's, we have the last template. Alexander, I see that you're already here. Let's check what is, maybe you can help me. So, first one, why layout is from lowercase and not from the uppercase? I always vote in lowercase. But this one is uppercase. So, just decide which way you will go and, like, everything should be the same. Okay, the next one is, can you help me understand why you use loading spinner? Because I go to the page, I don't see it, but maybe it's missing. It was in the previous version. Okay, so if. Delete the pages. Yeah, okay, if it's not used, please delete. So, according to instruction, I just ask to create. So, let's go maybe together because we need to have it ready. So, create example of a page and example of reusable component. So, the idea was, idea was to show how it should look like. So, if it's not work, so if it's not used anywhere, just delete it and create something that you can input to the page and show how the input to the page work. Because it's important for me, I want to see, did you connect aliases or no? So, anything. Is that not used here? Delete and create example component and input it to the page, any of them. Yeah, I don't think we need to pay just one is enough. But okay, let's left as it is. Constance, I think it's fine. And no hardcoded values, please delete it. If needed, just show some error, but don't hardcode it. Okay, about this, I'm not sure. Will we use it anywhere? It's really sad, I will not feel it. Okay, this one is fine, but rest, I would not feel because maybe nobody will use it. Or maybe it will not need it. So, I would rather put responsibility to add this constants to the person who will actually implement the feature, because I have no idea in which way it will be implemented. So, again, I would rather delete and clean all the stuff. So, the idea of the template, it shows some examples, each developer will implement own features in own way. So, it does make sense to put something that will never be used. Okay, so, please clean constant, just left only what is used now in the project and delete this hardcoded value. Okay, so, this is it. Left two pages or delete one? No, it's fine. Like, I see the dashboard, we'll have a dashboard and we'll have ours. So, it's okay. Okay. Okay, let's left it. As long as team will understand what is it and will not, yeah, so, it's fine. Okay, but the services, I think the same, the identification service, I'm not sure I will use it or it will be separate. I think the dashboard and the identificator service could have the same store, maybe different, but anyway, let's delete everything and left maybe all service. For mock service, because anyway, we don't have nothing. So, yeah, just delete everything that is not used, maybe like one example, store, okay, store, I think it's clean, no, it's the same, so, this one should be deleted. I don't know, this should be deleted because you have a dashboard page, but you didn't connect. So, idea was that you create, okay, so, you create a page, but actually the store never used. So, you already have Alice reducer, so, just connect something to this Alice page, this page is Alice, just to show the example how store is connected here, as well as reusable components. So, yeah, you make everything too complicated, okay, this is fine, this is fine. About styles, okay, what is here? Okay, it's all good. Ah, you have Alice, it's okay. Looks great. Okay. So, yeah, just clean, please, and left only what is needed or something, this example, because, yeah, it's, when something's not finished, nobody will use it. It's a bigger chance that, like, when somebody will take the task, they will create everything from the scratch. So, it would be just a garbage, which nobody will clean. So, make the template cleaner. If you can do it today, great, if you could not do it, let me know, then I will take template from other team. And you will go on with it. I will do it after the meeting. Okay, perfect. Great. I think we have not a lot of people, but I think it will be enough to, ah, no, 15. Okay, it's more than enough. Okay, what today is the purpose of this call? The purpose of this call is to, like, have this point where we understand that we start development. And because of that, we have some new rules. We have some new rules which appear. And first is a demo call. So, we will have each two week a demo call. It's when each team prepare what was done during previous, like, two weeks, one and a half week, and show it, like, what you will present, you define by yourself. So, it's based on your speed, based on your capacity, based on your knowledge. It will be each day at 6 o'clock. At 6 p.m. Kiev time. I will send invite to everybody. Yeah. Because I won't left Friday for maybe some planning. I will send invite, so you will have invite for each source day. So, like, one week no demo, one week demo, one week no demo, one week demo. Okay, let me do it now. No. And then, just let know the PM, in general chat rows. Sorry, I could not attend. Because I understand that it could happen. But, generally, try to attend. It's the only meeting which required from my side. Okay. So, let me create for 9. It's 6 p.m. And repeat each two week. Yeah. yeah okay i think everybody have invite just now yeah okay good item first done uh next item is pr so let's try so i hope you check what is pr uh so now like any changes you should do from develop branch let me share my screen i just typed in general chance so everybody will see it so any changes from develop branch uh at least one template will be finished because we still have one template which is not approved uh but anything like rest was approved it means that develop branch was created if didn't please who was responsible for template create develop branch because by this time it should should be in place so develop branch created you create your branch from development branch and create pull request pull request should be done when task finish let's see like maybe if this will be too because ideally i want to see your pull request each like i don't know two three days uh but if you will see the task will take too much time maybe we will create requests each day okay so for now it's like that so you create pull request when task finish let's check your pull request before me you have here the rules for pull request uh one minute let me remind why is it um that was a google doc file i think this one no not this one this one nothing too complicated ideally you have this list in your pull request where you make it check marks and this is the list of what is requirements for me the rest of the requirements i would just see check your logic if you still don't know what pull requests just check with like google chat gpt it's not difficult to to do it uh next one so when you create pull request in your group i like green team or steam you write the message something like that um where is me okay mila please check and here should be https github i don't know what is github and there's pull request i don't want to see something like that this look like so this is the message that i expect from you um i have from one minute if it was not deleted channels okay it was deleted okay then i will not show you how it looks like it happened one minute something with my computer sorry one minute guys yeah look i need to restart slack okay it's work yeah so i could not show sorry sorry technical issue uh-huh okay okay weird okay i can go back to showing the screen uh okay so you sent this message like that in general uh sorry not in general in your team slack usually when i check it i left your comments in the thread something like i know left comments months or approved so this is what you will see so if left comments it means that you are fixing your like commits pull requests until you will be approved if you approved you can click match button you will see it's in the for request one minute do i have any no yeah okay i don't have example so we'll go without example so if it's approved you click match button if it's left comment then you need to make a fix according to the comments all the comments are left in the pull request not in the slack so you will see it right away so the only things that i ask you is left reaction um here comments reaction could be i don't know like like this one or this one uh why because sometimes list is too big and you miss something but when you put reaction it means that you read the message so it's high chance that you did didn't miss anything so that's why please uh left reaction and if anything that you that you want if you do not agree with any comments you can just left your comments and say i don't agree i don't it's better approach or i don't agree here is the article i don't agree this is what chat gpt say so on so it's it's fine just just i need something to understand that you read it um and i think that's all so yeah so when it's approved you match and this becoming the uh the the the other um you know you'll have some kind of a challenge a problem if you don't understand something because you don't have to like it or you don't understand like all these are a lot of things that you don't need to do because you can always make changes but i am saying yeah just like the other reasons i mentioned so just please do it yeah and you can get better results my question is are you happy with what you're doing okay