develop branch it's it's my high recommendation yeah you if you will not do it i will see it and like you will work with consequences um yeah that's all what this call was for any questions general not general specific no we are good good then please uh everybody are free except sorry one minute ways you need pm except orange team please orange team left because we need to figure out what you are should do and because from what from my investigation you don't have any plan so let's stay and decide to not yeah to make some plan yeah thank you everybody rest is free to go okay guys but was but one one within seven yeah i think for know is not a good there is a all sh and a She was supposed to create a dashboard. Do you remember what the tasks were for everyone? What format was the planning? We discussed what we had to do for the sprint. The tasks were not yet distributed. What were the plans for the sprint? Authentication, part of the landing. We focus on the design. Yes, I found it strange. I looked at the design and there was nothing there. The design went the other way. So, okay. Authentication and landing is what you planned to do for the next sprint, right? Yes, we planned it differently. Okay. Okay. Natasha, tell me, please. Did the task give you an APM? Or did you set the priority yourself and it just told you to do it? No, there was a meeting with the team. They told me, as we decided, that in order for everyone to have work, no one expected anyone. From the landing, I only make contact form. This is the table that you approved. Then I had to do this autofocus on the link. Magic link. And we decided that as soon as I finish it, I will make this dashboard. Okay. No, just those designs that I asked you about in the movie, they are completely different. Or did you just start doing it, and then you had a planning? I started with the first wizard. This was our first meeting. Wizard is, I mean, a compliance card. Then we had a second meeting, at which we decided that I, with this hand, with the help of a hundred pairs of other developers, it would be better for me to start with the contact form on the landing and start authorizing the link. This is contact us. I thought it was authorization. Authorization is what you get. I started with this, then I threw it in. And this is what I did magic link. This is when you click on the get started button on the landing page and go to this screen. That's it. In short, I probably fell asleep when I was writing your message. And I think so. I also wrote to you in a voice message. I think maybe I didn't understand anything. In short, okay, that's it. I don't know. In short, I was, well, I think I switched, but I didn't switch. Yes, everything is fine. That's it. That is, this screen is when you click on get started. And you get to this screen. And here you were shown different input states. Super, super cool. Super. That's it. We have a contact form. We don't have a landing page. This is probably what we need. Yes, I'll do the landing in the middle for the guys. That is, I still have the morning, so I have two days. I will send the landing in the middle. First you, Orange Team, then Tegano, right? I wanted to ask how it happens, how do you confirm the design? Do I have to pull you and that's it? Yes. Well, as long as PM is not there, then yes, like, pull me. Better. Well, in short, ideally, throw me a link and, like, what is it? Well, I don't know. Ah, okay. Throw me a link, like, a landing page. If there is something super new, well, like, here you have some transitions, then you can record some small videos. When you have a PM, you will discuss it with us and the PM will have to communicate with me. But for now, let's do it this way. Yes, okay. Well, then everything is not so bad. Then I only have such a question. I asked when you were making a plan, do you know what someone is taking? Or let's go through it again now and determine what someone is doing. This is already up to the developer team. Yes, judging by everything. Well, I plan to choose authorization for myself. Uh-huh. On the magic link. Uh-huh. Okay. And when are you talking about authorization? Do you mean front-end, back-end, email connection? And what do you mean when you say authorization? Well, first I will do back-end. Uh-huh. Do endpoint. Uh-huh. And then I will do a backup. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And then when the JVT token is issued ... Uh-huh. Okay. Uh-huh. And then to be sure. Then design. Then I will start to work together ... There is a design. There it is. Time to figure it out. This week I plan to infuse the backend, and the next design ... C'mon, it took a shit lenght. I knew it. I didn't know. Charge your skin, but all that shit? No, but ... Yeah. No, but for actors in general and complete,... Oh, in returns it cost, but they? I used it already. Oh, now they sell it in customs. Yeah. So how? Well, in my opinion after all that ... So. Okay, good. I heard about it. With such plans, we will now break up into a few people. Okay, then let's do this. You take the endpoint, the database, because you need to save the token that you will send to the mail somewhere, right? Plus, you need a user ... By the way, we haven't talked about it yet. Okay, let's do this for now. Well, you need to save this token in the database. And you need to create a UI. Now I need someone to connect the email. I suggest that we create an email with a separate task. Of course, we need to create a service that will accept the token and email and send it to this email in a token link. That's how it should be. In short, someone will do it. I wish. There are no wishes. Okay. We will choose. If I struggle with endpoint and GVT token, then I will try. Well, if you struggle, then yes. And if you don't, that's it, you don't struggle. I need someone else parallel. There you will have a job. Because you still need to accept this GVT token on the frontend. Well, you sent it, right? You made a UI, you sent it. Then the person will go. Then the person will go to this GVT and you also need to show how it looks. By the way, I think that ... Wait a minute, I got confused about the design. Everything is here, the design. So, I suppose that when a person will go, he will probably go to the dashboard right away. Yes, yes, yes. It should be here right away. Autonomous already. Autonomous already. So, we need a page. Natasha, we need a page of this. Empty, in short. Yes, I will make an empty state. I just didn't have time. This is filled, there will still be an empty state with tooltips. Yes, what are tooltips? And this is when you point an arrow at some chart and it tells you where you are and what it means. Oh, yes, well, okay. No, this is good. Only the tooltip, it seems to me, should not be filled. And when it comes for the first time, you need to show, for example, you don't have any data. Yes, when it comes. That is, I plan for these charts to just be ... Yes, that is, they should be in the default state of gray color with zero values. That is, in principle, the layout will remain the same. No, no, no, no. No? We don't understand well, why 185? Well, even if it is gray, the user can be confused. Why 98%? No, it's like a mockup, you know, when there is already some information, when the user is not the first. And if it is a new user, a banner will appear, we welcome a new user, for example. Yes, yes. It will be just zeros, that is, it will be in zeros. Oh, you want to do that. Well, okay, you can try. I would just say, like, no data to show, like, start using the app, or something like that. Well, you can ... Well, in short, you need to look, because I just saw it in zeros. I was just thinking about the developers and how it will be more important for them. I thought that if the layout and all these frames remain the same, there will simply be zero values and a hint for the user that, as you are new, the date is still empty. I thought about it from the point of view of the developer. No, it should be from the point of view of the user. Well, at least ... Well, like, yes, it's right for the developer to ask some things, but I just think that from the point of view of the user, it will be strange for him to see zero values. Because it's okay, where there are numbers, it's just okay, but the chart will be completely empty, everything will be empty here, there will also be only these. They just ... Well, it seems to be empty, in fact, when there will be nothing. Oh, look, I don't know if I can make two options, let's make two options, and we'll see what it will look like. Okay, okay. It's not difficult for me. Let's do it this way. Well, anyway, in any case, when you need to redirect links, you can at least display some kind of hello world page here, and display these things here. Well, the menu. I'm talking about the authorization ... No, I don't know, okay, that's it for now. Yes, okay, there are no email requests. If you want to send a link to an email, then we will have a mark. So, Mark, what do you need to do? You need to write a function that will receive an email, and what do we have there? Token. Oops. Token. And, in principle, nothing ... No, return ... Well, I don't know, you probably don't have to return anything. We'll see. And it will send, in fact, a link, it will send something like ... Well, in this case, you have a localhost. Something like that. HTTP. What is there? Localhost. Localhost. There are three thousand. This means that I have to get rid of nif. Well, this thing is the front end, the path. And something like ... Login. I don't know. And here is this token. In general, in this format, which you will have to send. There, if there is something, some little things, then we will correct it. I have a question. Query parameters. Token equals. Query parameters. Token equals. Oh, you, like, instead of a login, write a token here. Oh, you want it like this. I understand. You, like, like this. Well, in fact, they rarely write now. Yes. Well, like, I understand that it's a little easier for parsing. I understood it like this. Well, for parsing, it's so much easier. But for the user, these things, well, it's better not to do that. Well, like, what is sent to the email, it's better not to do it in this format. It's better to do it in the form of, there, token, there, slash. Well, in short, it's better to do it in this format. Well, it's more trustful. In other words, if you pay attention to what links come to you on the mail for verification and all that, you will very rarely see a question mark. Like, you will always see it in this format. Yes. Yes. I don't look at that link at all, just. Well, that's just a reason to start looking. Well, like, the whole experience of development is to start paying attention to these things that you didn't pay attention to before. So, okay. What was the question there? Mark, you can just turn on the microphone and talk. Yes, I had a question. And from which mail should we send this link to the user? Create one. Well, that's a good question. Just create. There is the simplest option. It's like, you create some kind of Google. I don't know. Some kind of common. I don't know. Zenbeat, Intersheet, Green Team, Hello World, something like that. And there you send the login and password. If you can do something more secure, well, at least not with a login and password, but through a token, there again, some AI will tell you. Then it will be generally super. If you can turn on some service, like, well, in short, some service, it will be even cooler that the services allow you to draw templates yourself. Well, like, what the email itself will look like. And, by the way, yes, this is a good thing. The fact that you will have to write the email itself. Email text. Well, like, create a template. Something like, hello, there, not hello, user. But like, I don't know. What can you do there? Like, here is your link. Here is your link for verification. By the way, this is a very good point. We will need more. I don't forget it yet. I leave it in the comments. This is probably the next priority. In short, the next priority. Well, let's call it two. I don't know. We will need an email template. What does it mean?